Data Domain-Big Data Lake
EMC has invested in lot of technology over the years, there are hidden potential in various products that can help EMC shape the future of data storage. Here is one such example and extensible to many other EMC products. Idea is to rethink the inherent capabilities of the product in a different dimension.
As human beings we live on pattern matching, be it reading or listening to others, this has fascinated me on how pattern can make a difference. With DD also using patterns to store more in less, then analytics is just an extension of patterns, though it is not only about patterns, but patterns are the key to any data point. Today if a flight goes missing, every one tries to find a pattern to get data points, so that it can be traced. Weather predictions is based on patterns. This is just in idea stage, being a new joinee, have to start the POC based on the other priorities.
De-duplication has become a commodity, now in EMC multiple products employ different algorithms to store more data in less storage, thus increasing efficiency. Be it Data domain or Avamar or other EMC products that employ de-dupe as part of the technology, uses a bloom-filter or pattern matching or similar algorithms to reduce duplicates. If this algorithm can be repurposed to find the similarity between various files and group them together, it is going to be of value to the customers and it being real-time is icing on the cake. Today analytics is trying to find a meaning in a set of data so that certain actions can be taken, finding patterns in a predominant one, being it weather or medical images or financial transactions or data about artic ice melting, it is all patterns and EMC uses the same to store more in less, if this can be leveraged to in-line real-time analytics, then many solutions can be built on top of it.
Data Domain uses the Lp(meta-data tree) to find the similarities across files and de-dups them, being a variable segment de-dupe, if Data Domain can provide an infrastructure to external, then given a file, we can find similar files in the system. Let us say if there is a Hurricane and we have images of those delivered by the satellite and DD has the history images of various hurricanes, then this new interface will let user know which history it matched and how the hurricane is going to affect. This is just an 50000 ft example, but with DD as backend, the front end application can build enormous solutions with the existing technology EMC has invested in.
If the idea is implemented, then multiple EMC products can be combined and solutions can be created to address the real-time Data analytics problem. Solutions on top of this infrastructure is going to be the money maker, EMC can partner or use the internal application development to come up with the next generation analytics, as EMC owns(stores) the customer data(may be few decades)
