'Idea Drift Bottle' to encourage more sharing and participation in innovation
This approach effectively encourage sharing of innovative ideas across peoples of different gender, race, background and expertice.
This approach help innovator further improve and expand their ideas by listening to different voices from global.
Just popup to my brain while I'm viewing the HR challenge.
First of all, the innovation portal should be open for idea submission all the time in a year instead of just several months. 
While we're not under the contest, all ideas submitted will be flagged as a 'brewage' stage and these ideas will be posted randomly to 5-10 employees globally in an 'Idea Drift Bottle' (aka IDB in the following paragraphs).
Once someone receives an IDB, he can add his comments anounymously. Next, he has the option to keep the IDB and / or post it further (so additional 3-5 employees will receive the IDB with original contents and the comments).
While the IDB is floating, the owner or anyone who has commented on the idea will see other people's comments on the idea and they can further comment on it anonymously.
Only the owner has the right to promote an idea, if he feel the idea has been mature enough via discussion. Therefore, anyone who keeps the IDB will have their true identity revealled and they can choose to attend the innovation group of the idea or not.
If an innovator finds little comment on his idea, he can choose to re-post it to try to get more ideas.
All these are like a brainstorming game and will potentially attract some people to participate. Since people of different background may give very different comments, it will expand the horizontal of the original idea and make bigger innovations.
The whole process can be more easily implemented via a mobile app, as people are freemind while holding them, and will generate more ideas and innovations.
The whole process can be accessed via Inside EMC as well.
Good ideas get more exposual, comments, encourages and helps from people of different background and expertise.
More opportunity for talented people to contribute.
Taking advantage of internal social network and mobile devices, to facilitate the power of 3rd platform
