A solution for better and easy management of the IaaS env
This solution provide lower TCO for managing the IaaS, it also improves customer experience by simplifying performance/failure troubleshooting in an environment involves so many components/layers in the IaaS
I continuous research on the infra monitoring/management solutions used in web 2.0 industry. for key players in this industry, they usually have large/complex infra env to manage, and they have a good solution that make the troubleshooting more easier, for example, Google has Dapper, and TaoBao has EagleEye. For a complex IaaS env such EMC EHC, we need similar solution to make the management more easier.
For that reason, I propose a solution which leverages Mesos, Kafka, Storm, and Spark to provide Event/Performance Correlation analysis.
1.In this solution, the Mesos act as the resource manager for the rest of the components (Kalfa, Storm, Hbase, Spark). 
2.Kafka is responsible for gathering logs and performance stats from various IaaS components, and send the log files to Storm
3.Storm process the logs files/performance stats sent from Kalfka in a realtime manner, and correlate the various events/performance issues happened in a given IO path, then store the output in Hbase built on VIPR for later presentation.
4.Kafka also sends the log files to HDFS built on VIPR for archive purpose.
5.Spark is responsible for running the ML jobs on the logs/performance stats and predicts potential failures/performance issues that will happen in the whole environment. It also provide performance/workload trends analysis for various IO paths and predict the performance in near future.
Generally, this solution provides the follow benefits:
1.For a given time, this solution is able to show the various events happened in a given IO path, which make troubleshooting easier.
2.It will provide failure/performance issue correlation analysis, find out a given failure/issue is the preemption of other failures/issues, thus warns the administrators to take corresponding actions before the failures happen.
3.By analysis the logs and performance stats, this solution can find out configurations that do not align with best practices, and provide commendation accordingly.

