iPark Mobile App (Built on SpringXD Platform) - To Ease Parking Problems across COEs/Congested Cities
We want to build a prototype Mobile App to reduce parking problems in our COE. 

We want to use India COE to test our APP and apply the same across all COEs. 

This App will help users to Book the parking slot( the slot can be reserved for one month in advance or for just one day)

It will ease parking confusions and it will help Facilities management to track parking and maintain.

This app will be built on SpringXD and 3rd Platform products.  
Parking issues that we face regularly. 
This happens in our offices and when we go out for shopping and other congested places
Hence a 3rd platform based app with intelligent analytics can reduce much of the problem.
Monitor and track movement effectively. 
An employee/newly visiting customer for EBC in any of the EMC COE can book his parking slot and the slot will be available for 2 hours or for a pre-defined time slots/. 

If the slot is not occupied in one and a half hour the next available slot will be given to the person.

The booking can also be done for a month or for a specified time.

SpringXD can be integrated to Archibus App so that the Facilities management will have graphical representation of the occupied slots and free slots. 

The sensors/GPS in Phone can be used to send real-time navigation and also the data can be sent to the Master terminal. Also the employee can easily locate their vehicles using "Locate my vehicle" feature.

The facilities can monitor various attributes/data that are received. 

Turn by turn Map based navigation can be integrated for guiding the employees / customers to designated parking zones. 
 
If we are successful in getting this Application prototype in our COEs, we can develop this
product as an EMC product and help the community around. Especially in crowded cities like bangalore, chennai this app will be a boon even to search nearby parking areas. EMC can partner with TOP Malls and Movie theaters for increasing user experience. 
For EBC customers this tool will be very handy as the app can be accessed either as a standalone application or through the web. The hassles of parking and enhanced experience can be given to our customers
