E-Lab Lab as a service process transformation for vendors
This idea is to rebuild E-Lab qualification process. E-Lab will leverage EMC Hybrid Cloud Solutions to manage labs and be mainly in charge of Lab test rig provisions. Traditional qualification works will be left to Vendors to finish. This could also applies to other BUs. If BUs are short of specific equipment, E-Lab can setup test rig for them to use.
I have been a long time V-Lab users and worked for E-lab for several years. I saw E-Lab engineers are doing lots of repetitive works. So I think if we can leverage the V-Lab model and offload these works to Vendors, it will increase our work efficiency dramatically. 
V-Lab has done an outstanding job to provide sales team a demo environment in a short time with major EMC solutions. The process and technology can be leveraged. E-Lab can pilot run the test for x86 qualifications. We can choose a EMC Hybrid Cloud Solution to manage the server, switch and storage resource. The process will start from vendor submitting their qualification request, after it's reviewed and approved by E-Lab, Lab team will help install new hardware (HBA etc.), E-Lab will do the bare mental or virtual provision and install required OS and patches. The test rig then will be turned over to vendor. Their engineers will remote access the test rig to finish their test. Remote access, security management, troubleshooting and hardware operation need to be planned carefully to address the needs. 
If the idea is implemented, it will change the process how vendors qualify their products with EMC. Firstly, it's easy to charge, vendors pay for service they receive every time. Secondly, large amount of repetitive works are offload to vendors, E-Lab engineering team could spend time on more challenging tasks. Lastly, E-Lab team will benefit from building such a LaaS cloud environment. This system has potential to be spreaded to company wide. It's typical shared service that EOS2 can offer to other BU and outside stakholders. 
