A better user experience for EMC IT users
The idea capitalizes on available technologies to provide better user experience to users using EMC IT services. It enables users using productivity tools like Lync and Exchange to have a seamless experience without compromising on security and cost. It also helps to access IT tools and resources for remote user in a seamless manner.
The idea came out of necessity. I have been using EMC IT services day in and day out. The experience of using these services, specially the productivity applications is far from satisfactory. This made me think about the options that we can have for better experience and utilization of these. My customers have benefited and are benefitting from some of these ideas already.
Instead of depending upon the RSA token, let's move towards secure connectivity options available now.
1. Outlook Anywhere provides a secure way to connect to mailboxes. Let's enable this for all corp users so that they can access their mailboxes in a seamless manner and without VPN.
2. DirectAccess is a technology introduced by Microsoft in Windows Server 2008 R2 and has been enhanced in a major way in Windows Server 2012. This gives an option for remote users to connect to work without the inconvenience of RSA token. The end user experience is smooth and security options are available like authenticating by using certificate based authentication.
3. Lync is the new age collaboration application and provides a defining and much better user experience than WebEx. This provides functionalities like Instant Messaging, Presence, Audio/Video & Web Conferencing and dialin conferencing. It gives the flexibility to access it across different devices like PC, Mac, iPhone, iPad, Android devices and Windows Phone devices. You can even join web conferences using any web browser or by dialing an audio bridge. The existing Cisco Call manager can be integrated with Lync to provide features like dialin conferencing. Using this over WebEx will not only enhance the user experience and satisfaction, it will provide control to IT over users as well.
Once implemented, it would have a big impact on user satisfaction as well as enhance and increase the productivity of end users. Users will be able to use these applications in a more productive way save time. Saying good bye to WebEx and AT&T bridge will also save money for EMC and will give a better ROI in terms of Lync investments.
