A complete smart city solution
The idea is collecting and analyzing of data for the use of smart cities. The idea depends on dividing the smart city into different pillars. Each pillar is interconnected to other pillars for the use of data lakes and data analytics within every city. This solution is suggested to be implemented on an existing city with using it's resources. This smart city will depend on research on all it's aspects.
According to my extensive research ,Katz Kiley , Director of strategy and consulting in loop labs,stated hat "Cities are all about People" that's why this smart city objective is to ease the life of people within a smart city with EMC products.
The solution depends on dividing the city into main pillars.  The main pillars include: Facility , Research , Health , Energy and Crisis management. Each pillar of these include different dimensions. Facility includes : pollution , traffic, Security , Communication and transportation. While research includes Social networking and innovation. Health includes Hospitals , Identification of epidemics and vaccines awareness and reachability. The energy includes light , solar and waste. and finally crisis management includes anything related to internal and external environment that may impact the city. eg.(Fire , revolution and catastrophic environmental disasters).
Looking on the research Pillar , It is using the data warehouses to analyze data available on different social networks and energy use within he city to predict the needed energy consumption. It may also suggest to citizens ways to reduce the energy and waste and how o optimize using the solar energy within the cities for a better and effective cities.
As an initiative , Different EMC products will be used including symmetrix for data storage , XtremIO for data analytics and Elasic cloud storage for serving the Cloud network.
It will address success if it is implemented in a city. It would add a value to EMC by making a generic solution for any smart city.One of EMC objectives is o support the people and city enhancement.
