EMC Management Infrastructure in the Cloud
EMC has a wealth of products available to our private cloud (e.g. FEHC) customization; however the one constant is that a customer must deploy a minimum of 7 servers to manage their environment. This is purely a CAPEX spend in a cloud world that typically offers a choice of CAPEX vs. OPEX. My proposal is to offer a pay-as-you-go cloud management service in vCloud Air. Offer customers the agility and choice of either running the FEHC cloud management stack on-premises as a CAPEX spend or off-premises as a OPEX cost. 
I came up with this idea while working with FEHC and meeting with customers. One of the FEHC realizations that is always hard for the customer to comprehend is that before they run their first workload, they are investing at least 7 - 10 servers just to run the management environment. As I have been working vCloud Air into my messaging about how to streamline a customer's software development capabilities, all of a sudden, the idea of doing the same for EMC's FEHC and vCloud Air just made sense. I also did something similar when I was at Microsoft. To speed up time to validation of Microsoft's cloud with the partners (EMC included), I created the entire Microsoft management environment into virtual machines. This VM management environment enabled partners to cut the infrastructure deployment from a minimum of 2 weeks to under 2 days.
EMC can build and make readily available a Management as a Service (MaaS) in vCloud Air that would allow customers to manage their entire private, hybrid or public cloud estate from one central portal. As far as I am aware, no other hardware company is touting a management stack in the cloud. Microsoft has aspects of cloud based management for on-premises solutions; however to date, nobody else has both the portfolio and the ready customer base to consume. The ability for a customer to pay-as-you-go for their management stack would bring in steady/predictable licensing revenue as customer sign up for an OPEX service rather than continue to pay for CAPEX hardware dedicated to management functions only.
Success would be implementing the FEHC into a gold master image that could be deployed in a matter of hours in to a multi-tenant environment. This would enable customer sales, drive vCloud Air adoption, continue to support EMC on-premises investments and deliver a new revenue stream through MaaS.
