Data-Aware Business Intelligent Storage System (DABI Storage System)
Office of the CTO: Our solution is a new business idea, which is disruptive and will make our storage arrays business intelligent. EMC can develop this internally or in partnership with third party vendors.
Xtreme I/O- Our solution offers new capabilities for the XtremeIO AFA, it identifies a use case to make the system data aware. EMC can develop this internally or in partnership with third party vendors
Global Solutions: Our solution offers to analyze, understand, provide insight, and monetize customer data in real time. EMC can develop this internally or in partnership with third party vendors such as tableau, alteryx etc. 

We are in interesting time where flash and other disk drive technologies are evolving and growing tremendously, storage media cost is reducing day by day, we are getting affordable systems with lot of processors (CPUs) along with virtualization capabilities, GPU or parallel processing power and larger size memory module(s) for cheaper cost. We should build a data aware storage system with increased awareness, real time analytics, advanced data services, and open & accessible API.
In VNX BU, under Cyclone project we are planning to build application aware storage systems. Why not build data aware storage systems? In our solution we are looking at solving the customer’s problems from ‘Data’ or ‘information’ point of view.  We can extend this solution to multiple sectors such as finance, healthcare, oil and gas, entertainment, government, retail etc. We have discussed couple of use cases which throw light on our proposed solution:
In medical sector, Doctors prescribes to take X-Ray bone problems for patient, diagnostics department people take X-Ray send/receive and store file(s) electronically in storage array through medical software like EMR, EHR and PACS. The Patient has to wait until doctor sees and studies the X-Ray images, based on his experience he provide treatments. When diagnostics people send X-Ray images to storage systems, they should be intelligent enough to process the images and provide option(s) for treatment to the doctors in case of bone fractures or other causes.
In retail sector, we are formulating inventory or transactions data using relational databases and storing and managing records in storage array. Our array doesn’t process and analysis the data and provide any useful information to the customer.  When we store data into the array we should be to able to index them, make data more intelligent by tucking metadata into it and provide business insights like order information, fast moving products, restocking, purchase information, procurement and etc., along with data in visualization. 

This DABI Storage System is a purpose built Data-Aware Business Intelligent Storage System which classifies, and indexes the data while storing it on the storage system, along with built-in inline real time analytics and deep learning. It also provides visualization and business intelligent tools along with rich set of APIs in the system to provide meaningful insight that can lead to better decision making, improve processes, strategies and greater benefits.
In the Data Center, almost every storage vendor’s storage systems are used as dumping equipment for storing data. The current storage systems are not capable of knowing what the data is about and the value of the data to the organization(s). We have improved our storage systems to some extent with cool features like moving data between different types of storage media based on access frequency of data (cold or hot data). But we haven’t used storage system to process the data and get actionable information out of it for businesses in a secured manner. If storage systems are capable of storing data, then why can’t they know about the data and provide meaningful insight for businesses? Customers are extracting data from storage systems using third party software(s) or tools to pull important insight by spending immense amount of time and money. The idea is to develop purpose built Data-Aware Business Intelligent Storage Systems by classifying, and indexing data while storing data on the array, along with built-in inline, real time analytics, visualization, business intelligent tools and with rich set of APIs in the system to provide meaningful insight that information can lead to better decision making, improve processes and greater benefits for different industries.

By integrating the proposed solution we can put EMC and federation companies in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms (Click on the following URL for Gartner’s report in EMC ONE). EMC can be a key player in this emerging technology of data aware storage systems and extend our revenue stream above the storage system. 
Help Customers radically reduce administrative and management costs, improve business insights, while unlocking the value of the data stored and reduce business risk.
We can enable the customers to convert their dumb data into actionable KPIs and reduce their investment in buying third party software(s) or tool(s).

https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155717


