EMC Unified Migrator Virtual Appliance
A one stop solution to migrate Non EMC backup infrastructure with live data to EMC BRS/Cloud platform
Working on this idea since last 10 month.
With every BRS MS contract win, EMC focuses on migrating customer's existing Backup infra to cutting edge EMC platform. 
This solution is named (EUM) EMC Universal data Migrator vAppliance which will be build on open source Linux, having open source SQL DB.
Once there is a migration needed, an OVM can be downloaded and deployed in customer's vCenter.
The vAppliance will have existing backup application software installed 
It can be registered with existing non-EMC backup server as storage node(media server) 
AFTD will be configured by presenting storage share to EUM.

It will have a database which will store all discovery and deployment information and below programs

1A) EUMCE(EMC Unified Migrator Control Engine) will be the brain of vAppliance, and have central, monitoring, reporting, configuration and Admin console.
1) Cloud plugin(Private & Public) 

2) Discovery Engine
Responsible to run native commands against non-EMC backup server to pull all the information such as client count, front end data size, client attributes, data retention, location(tape# etc), policies, data classification, number of copies, etc and insert into SQL DB.

Discovery engine will provide a detail report which can have custom views to select the client and data to migrate over EMC infrastructure.

3) Redirected Restore Engine

This program will be responsible for
a. Creating directory structure over AFTD mount to perform redirected restore using the non-EMC storage node/media server(native binaries and commands automated through script)

b. Redirected Restore Engine will receive data selection based on the discovery done, and schedule & run restore on the directory path created.

4)EMUCE will push install Avm/NW clients. And register them with EMC backup servers. 

5)Once the restore is over, the NW/Avm clients will get activated and the first backup source will be set as 3(a). And the destination path will be over cloud/DD.

6) EMCE will set the actual client data source path to it's file system once the backup is finished.

7) EMCRE will purge the redirected restore data. 

Once the cycle will be completed the DB will get updated and report will be produced.


This idea is one of it's kind and provide a definite lead to EMC in BRS industry where more and more customer's data will be migrated seamlessly to EMC infrastructure. Will impact high sales with regards to NW/Avamar/DD/EHC sales.
Customer will get benefited by reducing the migration time/cost and improved data protection with EMC 2.5 & 3.0 solutions. 
  
