RAINBOW of diversified innovative ideas
The idea of building a diversified committee called RAINBOW , will resolve the Sponsor’s Challenge of creating a process within the Technical and engineering teams in order to encourage innovation enriched with diversity. Not every idea can transform to reality but at least every unique idea emerging within our technical teams can definitely contribute towards the unified innovative path that EMC has chosen to make it a successful diversity corporate LEADER.
The idea is not absolutely spontaneous; however it’s an establishment of personal and professional experiences all through my career and education.My work experiences across globe ( India/France/USA) has raised my sensitivity towards various diversities and being multi-linguistic has given me extra elms to learn about different culture and their working approach in a global environment.
Solution: Setting up diverse committees called “Rainbow” within eachTechnical/Engineering global team to contribute towards innovative ideas, assess feasibility of each new idea and reap the benefit brought in by uniqueness of diversified brains.

Minimum 7 diverse participants are expected to collaborate RAINBOW. The selection of RAINBOW must be based on various criteria of diversity but not limited to Age, Gender, race, region, culture, experience, designation. If the selection criterion does not suffice the availability of such resources/members, then we might need to look into future inclusions in building team and HR must be informed. RAINBOW members can be reshuffled to give chance to other team to participate in brainstorming sessions.
The members can chose their leader and the leadership must change weekly or bimonthly thereby giving equal opportunity to each member. The leader has the responsibility to organize the meeting, and provide several options of discussion topics to choose from. The topic can be based on any recent issue faced by team or any future projects in pipeline or a new invention of product/service all together. All these unique ideas can be further processed through series of feasibility flow charts in order to reach a workable decision. The decision must have approval of all the committee members and must be allowed for possibility of revisions and updates from within RAINBOW and must be ready to accept ideas/inputs from other team members who are not part of RAINBOW.

Why is RAINBOW a better solution, and how it is unique and innovative? 
Every solution has its own pros and cons , and it’s worth appreciating  EMC’s efforts on diversity and inclusion. However, there is always a scope of improvement and enrichment. The idea of creation of RAINBOW bequeaths to generate a diversified technical culture which has the capabilities to contribute towards innumerous innovations. Such a solution, with all its originality of being unique, has never been escorted within EMC before.

The RAINBOW model will create unity in diversity, encourage teams to improve cross-communication,work more cohesively and help EMC to retain its talent by inculcating an interactive yet diversified culture and to a greater extend will facilitate talent retention. It will also improve the innovations as brought by unique ideas all across globe, thereby giving EMC an edge over its competitors in new product/solution launches. This model is primarily focusing on Technical/Engineering teams to nurture their brains to produce fresh ideas which will be given due diligence and importance within EMC, hence ensuring that every innovation irrespective of its magnitude is result of nature’s diversity bundled in the colors of rainbow of success.
