Docker live migration with CRIU & EMC technologies
Utilizing EMC IP and EMC technologies in the 3rd platform and DevOps ecosystem. 
Containers live migration has surfaced as an emerging challenge in DockerCon2015. Docker presented a teaser of live migration, which was very impressive, and made me realize that live migration will be a key feature of the future cloud, yet the technology is still immature. I have also witnessed much interest in live migration in Docker online forums and meet-ups. This prompted me to think what existing EMC technologies could advance the current technology, and to realize that vVPLEX/vRP provides an opportunity for making a significant progress with limited effort.
In DockerCon2015, Containers live migration has been demonstrated using rsync (file synchronization and file transfer) as an interim solution, which does not meet enterprise-level requirements. We propose a global solution using EMC v VPLEX/vRP that will provide an enterprise level solution that is heterogenic, efficient, fast and preserves data consistency. This will allow stateful applications (including databases) to stop and restart anywhere, without facing data corruption issues.

Docker has recently announced a volume plugin support. We suggest implementing a vVPLEX/vRP volume plugin and integrating it tightly with project CRIU, to offer a full enterprise level container live migration solution. With this tool in hand, we will be able to add support for live migration to Mesos and Kubernetes. This will let the user community of these tools – the most popular schedulers in the market – to seamlessly integrate our proposed solution, thus increasing its exposure and broadening its user base.  

Success of the proposed project will allow us to release an open source enterprise solution for live container migration. The use of existing technologies would permit rapid progress. Market adoption of the solution will position EMC as a leader in the 3rd platform software and DevOps ecosystem.

