Security systems
This idea makes the hidden cameras more secure
Nowadays we see thieves destroy or cover the cameras before stealing. this solution is powerful enough to alert at the earliest 
1.	The cameras are to be connected through wireless network to a remote system that 
        collects the streaming recorded videos. Destroying the cameras should not destroy the 
        database.
2.	Sensors attached to the hidden cameras which send alarms or messages immediately when 
        they detect themselves getting covered. These days we get very inexpensive sensors.  
        Options should be available for entering the secret password before touching the 
        camera so that if at all the house owner wants to relocate the camera or remove the 
        camera, he should do that by entering the password in order to disable unnecessary 
        alarms. 

3.	The database which receives continuous incoming of the streamed videos from the CCTV, 
        experiences a sudden stop when the CCTV is damaged, broken or stops working. Alert can 
        also be sent in such situations by the system connected to the databases.


4.	In order to identify the person who is damaging or covering the camera, a different 
        inexpensive camera is placed on the opposite side of the main camera which instead of 
        capturing the video throughout the day, only starts capturing images as soon as it 
        gets message about the alert. 

         An extended version is to have a long range iris scanner that scans the iris of the  
        person even if he has covered his face. The iris scanner immediately starts scanning 
        the iris of the thief when the main camera detects getting damaged. The iris, being 
        the uniquely identifiable content of the individuals will definitely help us in 
        getting the thief identified provided we keep tract of the irises of all individuals 
        like in Indian AADHAAR Card. Also there are popular face detectors to detect the face 
        these days. 

       Link:  http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2015/05/long-range-iris-scanning-is-   here/393065/


5.	Alarms can also be directed to the nearest police station or can be made to horn 
        loudly alerting the neighbors to reach the location instantly. Also, if the camera 
        stops working naturally by battery loss or something without the robbers’ 
        intervention, that should be detected and message regarding this can be sent to the 
        home owners separately. Since the video streaming is cut down, the system associated 
        with the database can send messages.

6.	Lastly, the cameras can be made more intelligent by training all about our lifestyle. 
        If there is no motion detected for long time, go to sleep instead of keep sending 
        videos. Motion in front of the camera wakes up the camera and it starts recording . 
        Sensors are to be equipped to sense obstacles placed by the thieves


The implementation of the idea can make powerful security systems at home and public places. make money by selling such systems
