Eventuate: Get To Know More About You.
For every company, customer insight is essential. Whether customer finds your product good/bad/neutral, every company is eager to get this information. In abstract, idea is to get the critical aspect of online posts like (User name, Product, Company, Sentiment Analysis, etc...) by applying rule based approach, NLP and Machine learning . And also to store this information in relational Database for doing analytics thing. Second aspect is to make graph kind of things about users who posted/tweet something about EMC/Competitors, Will describe more about relationship kind(i.e Graph) of thing in solution part. 
Have some rough idea about this. To make it more clear gone through some research papers/survey to get to know about recent trends, also had chat with team mates to make it more clear and general. Its in internal evaluation stage.
1. Idea is to collect the EMC listening post's which is unstructured text lets called this "corpus". Next step is to preprocess the text data to make it less ambiguous. Next thing is to process each post and tag it, i.e find out the product/competitor it is targeting/mentioned also do sentiment analysis on it, to find out whether posting party is happy/unhappy/neutral with respect to tagged thing. On parallel we are getting other information from post like user name, date, competitor, etc. Post can be some query about some product, that information is also populated. And this query can be handled by product expertise. Also these detailed information is stored in Database to make it more structure so we can apply Data mining on it, to predict business trends(lots of thing we can do once we get this information). This is a one aspect. 
2. Second aspect is to find out how influential is the posting party. There are some users which are highly influential. We can get to know about this influential people from GRAPH which is generated during analytics phase. Like how many people's are following this particular posting user, or if some guys tweet is retweeted # number of times we can get a sense that this user might be important to company. These users will be having more edges(incoming edges rather than outgoing). Now we can get back/reply to post by some users based on Ranking(Which can be generated from GRAPH).       
Following is the whole process architecture:-  
       1. Data Collection(Corpus)
       2. Data Preprocessing /Data Cleaning Process
       3. Data Analysis (get critical aspect and store it in Database)
       4. Apply Analytics on stored data.
We can apply same thing to any company's post and pick up the hot-stops, you know what I mean :D.
Success is depends on how I manage these lots of data and apply analytics on it. This will surely benefit the company though customer satisfaction, money saving, get to know about competitor's trends, etc. 
