Let’s all work together on ONE file per system sold
End to End business process suggests that many (if not all) departments at EMC have a role to play in at some parts of the E2E process. And what do we all have in common? We all work on EMC systems (local or remotely). The idea is to create a common single electronic file per system we sell instead of working separately on different business files by department. By all working together on the same information, but doing different things to it, we can increase our collective knowledge and improve communication between all groups, while also optimizing the actual information that we as EMC need for each system we sell during its entire lifecycle.
Last year in the innovation contest, I realized that making analogies was helping to tremendously simplify system architectures. I came up with an idea for manufacturing (now filed for patent), and asked myself what else could I apply this ‘analogy’ concept to, for a better EMC. What came to mind were the various files we all work with throughout the lifecycle of a product. Why couldn’t all those files be one? I created a sequence diagram showing how this would work from an initial quote to an installed product at a customer. I shared this with the Contrail team as an ideal state we should be aiming at. I also got information and a perspective from Jeremy on other portions of the product lifecycle prior to manufacturing that comforted the value of the idea, in particular for improving the upgrade process.
Also, later, heard from a supplier that Tesla starts the manufacture of their cars with a single chip that knows everything about the car being built, all the information which will be needed and accessed by all processes having to interact with that car, close or far. That comforted the value of idea of the single file, and thought it would be time for us too at EMC to move in the right direction.
Gradually align files generated by all the various applications onto a single electronic format (e.g. XML) that would get created at the very first interaction with a customer, and grow as it turns into a quote, then an order, then a configuration for build and test, and an invoice, and a working system at the customer etc… Note that each department would be doing different things to that one file, viewing it in various ways, from various tools, adding information to it etc… but all departments interacting with that product would refer to the same source information for the entire lifecycle of that product sold. The idea is about defining each system sold as the primary key for organizing the information we would store in the data lake, information to be accessed by all needing to interact with it.

This ideal state would be a challenge to achieve, but if the trend does not change direction, the problem will keep growing and issues with lost, conflicting or duplicate information will start growing exponentially.

The idea is not about a big bang to make it all happen at once, but of becoming aware of the source of our systematic E2E problems, so that we can decide to change the direction it’s heading, by aligning gradually our files onto one, starting small, and by doing so, starting to move in an easier direction. Alternatively, it may be an option to take a new product line and try to leverage as few files as possible for the entire lifecycle of that product.
Start moving in the right direction by stopping the trend of overcomplicating our work and by instead consolidating and merging information on a common file for each system we sell.
Let’s apply the One File idea to the upgrading process, for instance, and see the benefits. At the moment Manufacturing has no visibility of the current configuration of the customer products, so when an upgrade is ordered, it gets regularly processed as a bunch of loose parts instead of being the right configuration for a seamless installation in the field. The customer service engineer has to reconcile information from numerous sources to figure out how to install and configure the new hardware correctly. If the One file could be accessed by manufacturing to see the latest configuration, the exact new hardware upgrade configuration could then be exactly determined, correctly configured units would be sent instead of shipping hardware loose in multiple boxes as is currently done. The new process of configuring correctly ahead in manufacturing for upgrades would result in:
• Saving customer service engineer install time
• Reducing waste packaging at the customer data center 
• Decreasing shipping volume and cost
• Reducing excess handling thus minimizing ESD damage
When applied to other portions of the process, the one file idea would eliminate duplicate work between departments resulting in a more productive use of resources, would eliminate conflicting information along the chain and subsequent wasted time investigating and resolving conflicts. Eventually, it would enable the amount of data we hold on every single product to be streamlined and available to all tools / applications / people needing to access or modify it, resulting in a serving our customers promptly and seamlessly.
