Diverse Innovation Teams in Challenges
The new process will ensure that a diverse team will be working on Innovation challenges. 
Since a motive is needed for individuals to work on the ideas together in a diverse team, a challenge with higher award or recognition would be really attractive to innovate in. 
But with the added criteria that would add diversity to innovate, and usually people get excited about trying new rules in game. Then the improvement of the innovation could be possible.
A new re-modelling of the Innovation challenges for diverse collaboration:
A specific number of the challenges should have criteria in order to be eligible to reach and pass the finalist stage:
1)Members of the team submitting an idea should be from different departments.
OR
1)Members of the team submitting an idea should be from different COE.
AND
2)Members of the team should have at least two different background studies (engineering and technical ,....)
AND
3)Members of the team should be from both genders.
People with different background address problem and resolve it different based on their perspective: evidence of the relationship between innovation and diversity of ideas: 
http://www.diversityinc.com/diversity-management/proof-that-diversity-drives-innovation 
Diverse teams often outperform teams composed of the very best individuals, because this diversity of perspective and problem-solving approach trumps individual ability.
Meaning that more ideas and better and efficient results of the challenges would be possible.

To measure the impact of the diverse innovation team versus a non-diverse innovation team
For one year, the challenges with the added constraint of diversity should be met be inorder to PASS the finalist stage. 
All the ideas submitted and reached the finalist stage from for diverse innovation team vs non diverse innovation team have to be measured in:
a) how feasible they are
b) how well do they solve the challenge 
c) their quality 
Thus the effect of improvement can be calculated through the number of finalist reached from a diverse team vs non diverse team following the above mentioned three measures.

