Community Involvement
Community Involvement Challenge - This idea suggests how to use EMC Community Network and Social Media channels for improving relationship and communication between customers and engineers. 
Customers post their queries on ECN. These are mostly answered by non-EMC'ers and they build a better relationship with customers. Many a times, customers mention them whenever they are looking for help. Our responses in a timely manner help increase customer satisfaction and help build a personal relationship.

Once a customer who was disappointed with support, posted his query on ECN "EMC support is not providing a proper solution". ECN moderators observed this and engaged the customer immediately on ECN and started working with him. This is a real example on how we can sustain customers faith.
This idea can be implemented at minimal or nil cost. 

1. All TSE/SME are to follow in ECN, a community depending on the product they work on. This will automatically send a customer query notification to their inbox. If any TSE/SME finds the query interesting, they may reply to the post.
2. All SMEs to spend at-least 30 mins daily on ECN forums to answer customer's queries as per their product knowledge. Once an SME responds to a query with complete information, it can be viewed and reused multiple times by customers. A post marked as answered will reduce a significant number of incoming SRs as these posts will be Google searchable.
3. Whenever TSEs/SMEs responds to a query, they receive points for it. Currently these points show how many queries they have responded to. More points meaning more responses. We suggest to add a value of these points. It can be an award or ECN points could be converted into smiley points.
4. All employees should be encouraged to follow various EMC accounts on Twitter and try helping customer if required.
1. Increases Customers and Engineers involvement in the community network & social media.
2. Increases opportunity for more communication without an SR.
3. Helps customers to resolve issues on their own.
4. Creates a friendly relationship between customer and engineer.
5. EMC engineers get a medium to know more about customer's issues/concerns/feedback and helps to understand how to serve customers better.
6. Helps to improve TCE.
