Engineering Shared Services Catalog
EOS2 is looking for ideas that will help EMC leverage its best of breed Enterprise Hybrid Cloud solution to enable faster & more secure product development through expanded, more efficient and higher quality Engineering Shared Services - this idea is to looking at defining an EOS2 Service Catalog would help the team understand how leveraging EMC's Hybrid Cloud offering would/could enhance this catalog. In other words make sure that everyone is on the same starting page so that it is more obvious if & how EMC’s solutions can help deliver that service.
This idea came out of an IGS session at the Ireland COE (facilitated by the Ireland COE PMO) comprised of a cross-EOS2 functional team with participants from CSQL, Information Experience, Lab Ops & PMCT
During an IGS session a number of 'wishes' idea statements were articulated by the team that we could incorporate into a standard EOS2 Service Catalog. These include:
1. Clearly defined set of EOS2 Services
2. Relevant applications & tools to do specific jobs
3. More efficient lines of communication (internally across EOS2 and externally to end-users and customers)
4. Self-service design with location considerations (latency, bottle-necks etc.)
5. Focus more on quality versus cost savings
6. Develop a diagnostic application so consumers of the service could self-diagnose issues
7. Better documentation tools & portal with a simple but powerful front end user interface ('Powerlink 2.0+'-like functionality)
8. Shopping Carts for services - Amazon-like interface for securing service items (could be linked to a cost model)
9. Establish effective user feedback loop/forums
10. Capture & distribute freely all service metrics
11. Develop various cost models (with stakeholders) across all services (including things like charge-backs, credit for usage, try before you buy etc.)
12. Strive for an inclusive community based development model for some (or all) of the services
To take this idea to the next level a dedicated team of people could be tasked with defining a comprehensive EOS2 Service Catalog initially just mapping out all our services. This could be followed up by looking at/identifying gaps in our existing catalog and developing/augmenting our services based on these gaps. The wish list above provides a conceptual roadmap of where we would like to end up but we would need to take it in stages:
1. Document existing EOS2 Service Catalog
2. Identify gaps with key stakeholders
3. Prioritize & roadmap new/augmented service enhancements projects
4. Update EOS2 Service Catalog
