COE World
This idea delivers on all key criteria for the Ireland COE Challenge and does so in a new and innovative way that provides two-way vertical and horizontal communication channels. The idea will address the challenge across EMC, by bringing the multiple sites together, but will also address the challenge at a Federation level.
An expansion of the manager offsite meetings. I have found these to be of great value and thought if the day could be expanded to all employees it would offer a great opportunity to engage the entire workforce.
Most of the feedback during the session was that employees simply want to know more about all the things that go on at the COE – why not make it available in one place so employees can get everything they want in one go.
This could be done by adding breakout sessions to the manager offsite meeting’s in the Oriel House. The hallways could have stands from our BU’s, from Federation partners, from L&D from career Development stands to Sports & Social stands, etc
COE World – A catalyst for sharing information @ Federation scale. A single event with Management meetings, employee briefings, workshops from IT, breakout sessions from L&D, Career Guidance sessions from Talent Development, showcasing Community Involvement initiatives, platform for Federation partners to share information, with focused BU updates. 
Many of these are already happening although they are presented as isolated site specific events that many employees may miss out on. 
The idea of a COE World would be to consolidate all these sessions into a single event, with multiple sessions run throughout the day, allowing employees to sign up and register for the events and times that are suitable for them, requiring 1 to 2 hours of their time max.
It’s a similar concept to EMC World where all the information a customer needs about EMC is made available in one event, similarly a COE World would make available all the information an employee needs in an exciting and unique way.
For more information, visit https://inside.emc.com/groups/coe-world 
The solution will be a catalyst for employee engagement and collaboration. It will help employees of the COE and Federation partners in Cork be become more engaged in the business. It will help to further drive positive results for GPTW and establish the EMC as the employer of choice in the region. 
Employees want to be a part of the success of the COE in a meaningful way and the COE World is a mechanism for them to become a part of this successful journey. 

