Automatic deployment in virtual environment
- Durham
This innovation will substantially reduce the amount of manual work done in R&D labs today.

- Engineering Operations Services & Solutions (EOS2) Challenge.
This will improve customer experience for all EMC virtual products.
Several months ago, we were dealing with automation for VPLEX/VE, which is really cumbersome.
This innovation offers a mechanism which will enable fast, automatic and transparent deployment / removal of any vApp, regardless of how complicate its prerequisites are. We suggest developing a plugin for hypervisor OS, e.g vShere, which will be responsible for parsing the relevant OVF fields, creating / removing the entire listed infrastructure and alerting when needed. The needed steps are:

1. The creator of the OVF will add all the prerequisites inside the already existing OVF descriptor, thus making a clear statement of all the prerequisites. Please refer to https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155858 for an example.
It is up to the creator of the vApp to indicate whether these prerequisites are mandatory for the deployment. At the above example we indicate it with 'required=”true”.

2.  During deployment, the plugin would automatically read the requirements and generate the required infrastructure.
The plugin would be capable of generating and configuring various components, e.g. virtual switchs, distributed virtual switchs, VMKernels, clone vApps/VMs, etc.

3.  During vApp removal, the plugin will revert the process, and the entire listed infrastructure shall be destroyed (unless not in use by other VMs).
This innovation is a mechanism for a fast, automatic and transparent deployment / removal of any vApp, with no Admin intervention.
This innovation increases the scale capabilities of any hypervisor.
This innovation greatly simplifies the existing deployment / removal processes / automations.
This innovation reduces the amount of work hypervisor administrator has to perform in order to deploy / remove a vApp.
