Converged Home IT Infrastructure
This is an idea for a new product/solution. Opening a new market with chances to sell to millions of home consumers. 
Idea came after vspex was released. A simple , agile and converged product for added value to home consumers.
Developing a miniature home edition of converged software and hardware infrastructure. All EMC products , specially designed for home use. Smartly presenting the product for home
use. 

1. A box similar to vspex blue , compact and small in size Suitable for home installation. 
2. The box Will present a service catalog that contains virtual machines , storage shares and archives. Home consumers can build Multimedia servers for entertainment, Personal computers , application servers for smart homes , data repositories and electronic archives.
3. The system can contain building blocks that can integrate with smart homes devices. 
4. EMC can partner with Game consoles like Sony Play station , Microsoft xbox . These consoles can be delivered as Virtual Machines (software only) and sold online , will guarantee low price and fast delivery. 
5. The box can also virtualize Networking at home. 
6. Integrating With Pivotal products , analytic programs tailored for home users can be sold on an online market. Codes that can analyse water, gaz , electricity consumption and trends.
7. Linking Car's computer to upload its data to the box , keeping customers up to date with usage statistics , GPS location , routes and spare parts wear. Cars now incorporate many sensors and generate data that can be analysed to predict and alert customers of possible failures and needed maintenance.  
8. Archiving documents , protecting personal data and securing it with RSA products. 
9. Tailoring RSA secure ID to securing door locks , car door locks , garage door and personal home volts for maximum security.
10. Multimedia servers catalogue can integrate with Apple iTunes , apple tv , Chromecast .. etc 
11. Telephone home switches can also be software defined and hosted on the home cloud.

If realised, EMC will have a huge base of home customers. A box providing infrastructure to all homes. A product that will Partner with with other consumer electronics companies and media companies to make a good selling point. 

A new market will be created , Selling these boxes will make excellent revenues to EMC. EMC REDEFINES Home IT. 

The same idea can also be realised on a public cloud hosted by EMC , where customers can rent the system from EMC's Cloud. Deployment will be faster and more efficient. EMC Will host the hardware. 
