Child Tracker
This is relevant to the EGYPT COE challenge because it helps Egypt be a smart city and uses technology.
It is also relevant to the Global Solution challenge as it is a global solution to all children and babies.
Since I have a baby and sometimes I really don't know why she is crying and while she was sick I wanted to know which part of her body is exactly in pain. What is she feeling and so on. That's why I came up with the idea. Also when I leave her at the nursery I want to know whether she is crying all the time, eating well or not or is having fun.
My solution is the babies should be monitored using sensors or a device the collects all the information about the baby. Of course this devise should be very small and not easy to be removed from the baby. The devise gives all the information about the baby whether he is sick/ in pain/ has fever/ is hungry. It also could give information about the growth of the child and whether he gets all the vitamins needed or not. Also this device could sense the feelings and could act as a child locator. You can get to know whether you're child is crying or not, you can also locate his place at any point in time, which will be easy to get him in case of kidnapping. Of course all these information will be gathered together and analyzed and the parents could have a detailed information on their child and on his health. They can access these information through internet using their laptop. Also this could be good for the child's doctor as
he can easily check the child's health over the last period. Also for example if the child has fever and the parent didn't notice that, an alarm could be given to the parents. In case of Emergency the device could call the ambulance or the police directly.
Also this device could detect the feelings of the baby and detects where his body was beaten in any way. This could be calming down the parents when they are leaving their children with a maid or in a nursery< which in some cases it is not possible to put cameras to see your child. But through this device I can get to know what happened to my child.
This product of course will rely on EMC products as it will gather data and analyze it. So the companies who will produce this product will use EMC products. It will also be an enhancement in technology. I would call success when this product is real.
