Automatic Cashier System

The solution saves a lot of time of customers and sellers in a shopping mall. Sellers can also track the items sold in large amounts
Looking at the long Queue at the cashier counters resulted me in thinking about this
Each customer should have an account where they can login and look at the items bought , the weight , the cost , the date of manufacture, date of expiry, the date of shopping, the location of shopping, the mall name , the total amount etc. and keep track everything. They will have their debit/credit card details tied up into this secured account. Each customer will have a PKI card so that shopping done at any mall is tracked by this card and reflected in the secured account. Customers can rush into the malls, grab the items, put it in any of their bags and simply rush out of the mall. It saves a lot of time and energy of both the customers and the shopping mall guys. It also allows one to keep track of the shopping. It is a good idea if the account also helps customers to locate the closest shopping center and present the list of all available items there. The accounts of the customers are also linked to the account of the shopping center to update the items available or to look at the dashboard which presents the graphical representation of which items are sold at a high rate , which of them are lagging, what kind of products do people need etc.  

Every entrance/exit needs to be equipped with scanners. The scanners, unlike the ones we have today, must have the capability to scan for the new items bought. They are to be specialized to capture all the items bought, their prices and the details on the labels of the items. The prices are summed up, reflected in the accounts of the customer as well as the shopping mall, a copy of this is sent as a message to the mobile phones immediately so that the customers get to know the total and tally if it is correct. After this, the amount is either debited automatically from the credit/debit card that is tied up with the account or the amount has to be paid in cash or card separately by the customers at the counters as they wish. the baggage  may be needed to be passed into a different scanning sections if they are not good for human body.

The challenge lies in detecting and scanning the items for the prices and details.  X-ray scanners are believed to scan for different items in the baggage. The scanners should differentiate between the items of the customers and those they have bought it currently from the store , for which a low cost metallic seal would be required on the new items and the scanners may be made to look for the number of seals and tally with the number of new price labels . If the customer makes some manipulations by removing the labels, it has to be detected by the scanners and an alarm can be alerted. 
rates and can manufacture items which the customers love to buy
the solution benefits the sellers and automates the process. The solution can be implemented and marketed.
