KB Search Technique
My idea is related to guiding our customers (especially new tie-ups) to search in the most effective way in support.emc.com for quicker and more valid results. This will help customers to understand the issue a little themselves or find a KB article in hours of urgent need.
This idea has crossed my mind many times when I see customers raise very simple query SR's and all it takes from us is finding the right documentation/KB article and share it with them. Instead of waiting for a support engineer to search the details for them, customers can search (at least very simple queries) themselves. I had a case where once customer requested which JRE version is compatible with that particular product.This saved time for both the customer and the engineer could be put to a lot of good use on doing some other investigative work for the product.
We (as engineers) can create a video or simply attach screenshots or write the details in a document along with the results window to present a clear picture. We can take a sample SR and explain in any of the above mentioned ways how we arrived at the particular KB article, which we later shared with the customer. For example, you want to search something related to, say, LLDP connections, instead of typing the usual “How to”, just try searching with the key words. Benefits of this kind of search are, all the relevant articles which have the key word you searched for will appear.

Search operations with key words usually do not work out where the possibility of the phrase/word occurrence is huge. But in a comparatively small database, you are likely to hit the jackpot with a single try. Although, a basic thing to consider here is the key words the customer chooses to begin with. They should bear the significance of the phrase “key word”.

I hope that this idea imparts some knowledge into customers as well as engineers and much more productive work can be done on the service requests. In a broad future perspective, this could improve customer satisfaction.
