Healthcare Cloud
Healthcare Public Cloud idea is a brand new business area for EMC2 to venture in. Idea is suitable for CTO and Skolkovo R&D Center Challenge as it targets new market in healthcare vertical.
During my interaction with clinicians and decision makers at medium size hospitals while I was not at EMC in 2011, one thing that came out prominently was - no one was interested in managing IT and frustrated with interoperability issues with home grown / vendor built applications. With the maturity of cloud model and growing need of seamless solution to address healthcare providers need, I believe this is the right time to execute on this idea.
My aim is to build Health marketplace and transform Healthcare the way Amazon did for retailers and Apple for Music industry. IT is not the core strength of the healthcare providers and they should not be concerned about interoperability of different products available in the market. There are about 400+ vendors selling Health IT products in US alone creating lots of mess around clinical workflows. This platform offers an opportunity for hospital providers to focus on healthcare than IT by constructing a seamless workflow by integrating various components (open source or commercial ISVs) of the workflow (EMR, Billing, PACS, LIS etc.). This would be the multi-sided platform comprising of health providers, patients, app developers and as long as you are subscribed to platform you can access patient records eliminating the very basis of health data exchange problems. Currently there are few vendors providing on-cloud solutions but no one has entire workflow stitched together. PracticeFusion is among the leading provider of EMR on cloud solution and supposedly building entire workflow.
EMC Health Cloud will attract physicians, Small & medium hospitals on the platform with end-to-end interoperable workflow and easy to access patient records. EMC would end up holding patient data world wide, which will lead to application developers building application on top of platforms viz. Remote patient monitoring, Telemedicine, analytics etc. with access to patient record with patient's consent. Success would be defined as having millions of patients and physicians on the platform resulting in options to monetize the de-identified data analytics from entities like Pharma, Private insurance, and Governments in addition to storage.
