"Just Use The Pipe" CTD Solution View Portal
The CTD Supportability in 12 month or less challenge has a significant constraint in regards to the amount of time required to modify multiple CTD products to make "CTD family" solution deployments more supportable. Our idea achieves the 12 month window by heavily leveraging existing EMC supportability frameworks.
Steve Todd and Brian Tetreault implemented supportability frameworks together for VNXe in the 2008-2011 timeframe. The two first considered a lightweight messaging protocol (e.g. AMQP) but  concluded this approach would violate the 12 month window. After consulting the ESRS team, the two added Networker field support technologist Shareef Bassiouny to ensure a typical field use case could be solved with this approach.
The ESRS framework already has a pipe that allows bi-directional movement of data back and forth between customer product deployments and the corporate EMC customer support framework. This idea suggests the generation of a set of cross-product CTD requirements that result in appropriate telemetry added to each CTD product. The requirements and resulting telemetry will *continually* bind CTD products to each other (even as customers change their environment after install). This telemetry will be sent back to the ESRS backend, ingested into the the ECPS Big Data Lake, and ultimately analyzed by a CTD Solution View portal. The full idea can be found on Inside EMC: https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155692
Trouble shooting improvements of this idea are essentially being gained by leveraging a LARGE amount of existing technology: the ESRS backend, the ingest frameworks, the Data Lake, and the support Big Data framework. This will allow CTD to identify its own products and (quickly) put together accurate views at great speed. The solution is highly scalable because it leverages the existing ESRS framework (16 global servers), facilitating support for CTD deployments at global scale.  The solution would also facilitate predictive capabilities (comes along with any modern Big Data / Data lake framework). 
In summary, it is the belief of our team that CTD can release small amounts of functionality (telemetry reporting to the ESMS pipe) within 12 months and build upon Data Lake advanced features to provide enhanced customer support.

