Smart electricity consumption using EMC solutions
Our Innovation idea aims at bringing EMC products to the frontier of the power industry through an IoT based solution to increase the efficiency of power consumption.   
As electricity consumers, we witness the consequences of unbalanced electricity usage. In Israel alone, a severe winter storm has disconnected thousands of families from electricity in 2013, causing both financial damages and death toll.
Information feedbacks has been reported to produce significant declines in residential resources consumption. Our innovation idea aims at diffuse power consumption by using real-time data, collected via sensors, that’ll be digested into monitoring systems. The monitoring system will enable presenting comparative reports, important alerts and money saving recommendations for users.
The collected data will be stored and retrieved by using EMC storage, cloud and virtualization solutions.
The proposed idea consists of the following components:
1.	Inter-connected sensors that transmit electricity consumption data to a data store engine (in the future, sensors’ data may be collected for each electric device). Data store engine may be founded on solutions such as Pivotal HD, Redis, and probably other streaming and DB tools of the Pivotal stack. 
2.	Data processor that associates similar consumers by implementing machine learning methods such as clustering and association rules. This can be used via streaming tools such as Spring-XD and Spark streaming.
3.	Real time information feedbacks, delivered via the web or mobile devices that report the user how he could save money (given a differential tariff), present informative graphs (past consumption vs. current consumption, user consumption vs. similar users consumption), alerts the user for anomalous uses (“Outage alert! Please turn off your tumble dryer”), and provide recommendations that’ll make the usage as even as possible so future outages may be avoided. 
An implementation of the suggested novel idea can benefit in several ways. First, it can dramatically reduce the number of electricity outages that paralyze our life every once in a while. Second, it can increase electricity resources utilization and hence, save a lot of money for consumers and for electricity companies. From EMC perspective, an implementation of the idea will dramatically increase the usage of EMC products in the electricity industry.
