Policy-based virtual hybrid array
The idea is to use ViPR, XtremIO, Vplex and some other traditional block arrays to setup a software defined virtual hybrid array solution. By using those components and a policy based driver running upon ViPR,  it becomes easy to customers build their customized virtual hybrid array.  

1. it provides customized interface upon ViPR, present a virtual hybrid array to customers;
2. it's a integration solution which mixed SSD array XIO and traditional block arrays.
The idea was from real customer' requirement who was seeking a hybrid array solution, I think ViPR is a potential choice because it can integrate different types of arrays/disks into one virtual array, but it can't trigger data migration between tiers automatically because it's insensitive to status of volumes in data path, like access times or read/write performance. Then I think of this idea to implement a program running inside or upon ViPR, which can provide time, name, tag based policies, help customers optimize and utilize different types of arrays/disks in software defined hybrid array.
What's the definition of hybrid array? it must have 2 key characters: first item is storage tiers, it must have different types of disks including SSD and HDD in one array, some are for high performance apps and some others for low saving apps; second item is data migration, hybrid array must provide data migration between tiers and non-disrupted to customers session. Actually ViPR is the software which can integrate different types of arrays/disks into one virtual array, which is fit for the first characters of hybrid array. Therefore, if there is an application can automate data migration cross different arrays in ViPR virtual array, it will be fit for the second characters of hybrid array. The way to make data migration non-disruptively depends on ViPR and Vplex data migration technology.
In my idea, there should be a program running upon ViPR and provides 3 ways to define policy and automate data migration
1. time-sensitive migration: customers define a policy to make volumes migrate to another tier after a period. the program will scan creation time of volumes regularly and trigger data migration automatically;
2. application sensitive migration: customer define a policy to migrate volumes in specified project, or volumes with same prefix/post-fix keyword in their name. if the program scan the project or volumes's name match one policy, it will trigger data migration;
3. tag sensitive migration. customer define some migration policy for volumes with specific tags, if the program detect new tags are added on some volumes, it will trigger data migration automatically.
If the solution was implement fully, EMC can claim a new software defined hybrid array which fill a gap of EMC products and provide more business chances, it will make more money and help customers use flash arrays efficiently and economically.
