Intelligent data transfer in Enterprise Hybrid Cloud envrionment
This idea is relevant to 3rd platform SDS Predictive Maintenance - ETD (EMC Code), APJ COE "Solutions Platform" Challenge, and Global Solutions Challenge. This idea can improve the cost efficiency and customer satisfaction by providing intelligent recommendations for data transfer from private cloud to public cloud or among the different layers of storage components (such as within ViPR) when there is a need detected.
This idea was from an idea conceptually demoed in 2014 EMC World, in which we show a simulation where we display how much storage we free when we move certain files to the cloud. This idea is to extend the idea to achieve an intelligent recommendation of data transfer based on analysis of more factors relevant. 
We can implement a functionality and workflow in existing on-premise management system and cloud analytic services (as a Prometheus service):

a. Customer defines the importance weight of the data in private cloud storage areas, there is default values if not given, but customer can override the value based on their assessment. 
b. Customer defines the threshold as a percentage of the space usage in private cloud storage, when crossed, there will be an alert along with a proposed list of date to be selected to move to public cloud, ordered by a score calculated by a formula involving importance weight value, IOPS stats, and predicted actual space to be released (by reverse indexing in deduplication storage environment), higher score generally means relatively more space to release, less important data, and less IOPS in history, e.g. [score = f (actual_space_release, importance_weight, IOPS_stats)]
c. Customer select from the proposed list based on the information shown (actual space release prediction, importance weight, and historical IOPS trend), and click a button to start a workflow to make the actual transfer or deletion. 

This functionality can support multiple EMC storage products (such as DataDomain, ExtremIO, ViPR etc). 
This functionality will be implemented in existing on-premise management system and/or also as a Prometheus service, when the capacity usage is detected to cross the pre-defined threshold, this service will collect the information to calculate a list and send it along with an alert, user can act on it accordingly to do the data transfer or clean up. This will optimize the EHC deployment and improve the customer satisfaction. 
