Software-defined Smart City.
This idea would address Egypt COE Challenge regarding a complete solution for smart cities using our core technologies and products.
The idea came up after listening to Egypt COE Challenge.As we are now introducing Software Defined Data Centers , we can offer a Software defined smart city. 
 
I will divide my solution into two stages : first stage is to utilize government's resources by applying Cloud Computing concept. By using EMC Storage arrays all the residents data will be stored and by developing a web portal to offer on demand resources (Water , Electricity , Cleaning Service ...) resources will be utilized in a better way and residents will demand resources easily by a simple web portal.Also by big data analytic, the city's management can analyze the usage of the resources and detect which resources the residents are using more , predict how much resources will be used in the future in order to satisfy the residents needs. Second stage, EMC could partner up with an Egyptian startup to develop a home automation software to control all the house facilities. All the application's data and sensors's data will reside on EMC storage arrays. This application along with the sensors will extract a lot of data that can be analyzed to extract useful outputs . for example , a sensor in the refrigerator could detect missing things and notify the owner . At the sometime it could detect the products the residents uses and notify the administration in order to provide these products. 
To Summarize , EMC will offer a complete solution to turn the city into a Software Defined City being automated with sensors and applications , and in order to save all this data EMC products will be used to ensure data availability. For example , data will reside on VNX and will be replicated by RecoverPoint , Applications will reside on virtual machines Using VMware.
It will make money as EMC would sell the whole solution with a lot of EMC products to ensure availability.  
It will improve city residents satisfaction as this solution will facilitate their daily life. 
