Federated Tiered Storage used in XtremIO
There is a new use cases raised by customers frequently since past year but not handled very well by XtremIO yet, the idea is try to solve this issue using a new function inside XtremIO
the idea is from real customers' requirement and existing solution on VMAX. first, customers are asking for a similar solution to use both new flash arrays and traditional arrays without changing their applications; second, I know it's not a new requirement because customers had same requirement when EMC popularized Vmax instead of DMX before, the solution VMAX gave is FTS. however, this is a new idea because all flash array has huge difference with traditional array, so the existing FTS algorithm is not fit for current situation, it's worthy to find a new FTS algorithm now, it's the core value of this idea.
To avoid this issue, we need provide a new feature named "Federated Tiered Storage(FTS)" for XtremIO to attach existing block arrays to XtremIO by FC cables, act as a scsi disk pool. XtremIO should use capacity of those pool by creating volumes using both SSD and scsi disks, put hot data on SSD and code data on scsi disks. it's benefit to protect customers' existing investment, avoid bringing extra maintenance effort by new XtremIO array; and reduce storage cost. 
To achieve this goal, XtremIO should tier different types of disks and provide different storage policies, all attached disks should be considered as secondary disks. when a new write request is received by XtremIO, it uses same hash addressing method and put small data blocks on SSD disk, but after running while, it can move almost code data blocks to secondary disks internally and update address of chunks in meta data manager. when the data update/read requests comes later,  XtremIO will read data from attached storage pool and then response to hosts.
If we can implement this idea fully, it will become easier to push all flash array to market, customers will find their existing arrays can be used like before, even have better performance, and they don't need change too much in application layer, it's just like a array replacement event, and all existing data are still accessible.
