Software Serial Number Generation System Based on RSA Algorithm and Computer ID
This idea suggests to create a software serial number generation system based on RSA algorithm and computer ID. 
This idea is for RSA IoT Challenge. 
I came up with this idea when I was trying to purchase software. 
This solution suggests creating a software serial number generation system based on RSA algorithm and computer ID. 
This solution includes three roles.
1. Software serial generation system (this solution). We will call it SSNGS in the following descriptions.
2. Software company, like Winzip or McAfee that sells serial numbers to the end users.
3. Software users that purchase software serial numbers.

[Service Provided to the Software Company]
1. Software companies will register in SSNGS and create an account.
2. Software companies will download the development kit from SSNGS. The development kit includes RSA private key and public key and library to generate computer ID.
3. The software company will include the RSA public key and the development kit to generate computer ID in their software.
4. The software will provide the ability to generate the Computer ID to the software user. The computer ID is based on some hardware SN, like CPU ID or hard disk ID. Each computer has a unique computer ID and this computer ID doesn't change even after re-installing the OS.


[Service Provided to the End Users]
1. When a user purchases software from a software company, he will also create an account in SSNGS as a software user. 
2. The software user can login to SSNGS and input his computer ID and SSNGS will generate serial number by encrypting the computer ID with the private key. (BTW, the private key is not visible to the software users.)
3. The number for serial number a user can apply depends on the software company. For example, each user can apply serial numbers for 10 computers.
4. The software user will input the serial number generated by SSNGS in the software and the software will decrypt the serial number with the public key. If the decrypted string matches the computer ID, it is a valid serial number.


As different computers have different computer IDs, a serial number generated for one computer can't be used on the other computers.
As the serial number was generated by encrypting the computer ID with the private key, it is impossible for a cracker to generate a valid serial number for a computer ID. 
This solution ensures that a user can't user serial number from the other software users and this solution can eliminate privacy.


This solution can be built into a new eCommerce system for software, just like taobao and ebay.
