Use a new host awareness interface to make ViPR more smart
The idea is to provide an interface to collect details of hosts like usage, applications running on it and then help customers locate their volumes using the most reasonable algorithm available virtual array and virtual pool
The idea is from some known customers requirement, usually customers have very clear requirement about their running VMs, databases or other applications, but they never care about the difference of different arrays and kinds of storage terms, they eagerly expect ViPR controller uses an intelligent and smart method to find the best location for volumes itself. In this condition, if ViPR doesn't know the usage of hosts and real load on them, it can't make the best decision in virtualization environment, this is the value of host awareness interface which can change thinking way of software defined storage from array oriented to host and application oriented 
The idea is to use host awareness to collect usage and priority of hosts and then help customers to find the best placement for the volumes in matched resource list. if customers assert the host will run an OLAP system, we must find the array with fastest IO throughput for it; if the host will be used as FTP server without performance requirement, we need located volumes for it on the cheapest array for cost saving purpose; if customers expect the host has physics isolation with others, we must find some unused storage ports for it. In general, the idea is to provide an intelligent algorithm to help customers located their volumes at proper place from performance, security and economy's perspective.
Currently because ViPR doesn't know details of volume consumers, so it's hard to it to find best placement to located volumes and satisfied customers. in this situation customers have to learn storage knowledge and the difference of different storage terms, despite usually they are not interested in those details.  However, Using this idea customer don't need care about those details, they just need tell us the usage of VM and his expectation, regardless of storage details, we can tell them the best varrays and vpools he should choose for provisioning, it must big improve user experience of ViPR and storage virtualization. this is the unique and innovative features other products don't have
if this idea can be implement in the end, it will can change thinking way of software defined storage from array oriented to host and application oriented and hide storage details to ViPR users and help customers locate their business on best placement using an intelligent algorithm, improve user experience to ViPR and storage virtualization. 
There is a typical use cases for this idea: A virtual array includes 3 different block arrays: vmax, VNX and XtremIO. customer wants to create volumes for 3 systems: a OLAP system, a Oracle DB and a FTP server. the implement of this idea will know different expectation to those systems and then locate OLAP on XtremIO, Oracle DB on Vmax and FTP server on VNX. 

