Standardizing OpenStack implementation with a SLA driven model
There are almost 18 distributions, few appliances available based on OpenStack. When selecting the components of cloud infrastructure such as Hypervisor, Networking component, Block Storage etc. this project offers multiple choice. Since there is too much choice often it is confusing and the implementation is complex and requires individuals with multiple skills. Once way to eradicate this is to create reference architecture. Last year EMC partnered with three popular OpenStack distributions and has released reference architecture. But it is limited to storage and the documents release so far discusses optimal ways to integrate storage arrays such as VNX, VMAX etc in an OpenStack cloud. There is no reference architecture for tested combination of various hypervisor’s with other components. This idea will address the challenges around implementation. Also it may help to standardize the implementation process. 
After studying OpenStack for few months the challenges around implementation was easy to note and in January 2015 I thought of this idea/methodology to make the implementation simpler.
Like ITIL we can create SLA based architecture. What I mean by SLA based architecture is, testing each combination of hypervisors, networking components, storage etc. with specific hardware specification and number of nodes. After building the cloud it can be tested for stability and can be ranked. 
For example, using vSphere hypervisor, NSX networking, and VMAX storage backend on 50 compute nodes with certain hardware specification may be highly stable. After testing this setup for stability and other things like to what level it can scale, maximum IOPS it can handle, suitable workloads etc. 

If a customer goes as per the standard which we have created, the environment can then be certified to be gold or platinum. Similarly the same procedure can be repeated with different choice of hypervisors such as KVM, XEN, QEMU, and RHEV etc. with open vSwitch, Neutron networking and the ones from Cisco etc. similar set of parameters can be established. 

At present we have many different ways to implement OpenStack and there is no standard around this process. 

When the standard is created it can be offered as a professional service to customers. Also the documents can be published online and anybody can use this as reference architecture. One more important factor is retaining existing EMC customers. If our customer is planning to evaluate OpenStack these architectures and professional services may come in handy for them. I believe this method has the potential to become successful service offering and will open up other business opportunity like support, residential service etc. 
