A distributed, near real time large scale time series prediction infrastructure
This idea aligns with the Brazil R&D Center Time-Series Architecture Challenge. It proposes a solution to the challenge, but it can also be easily adapted for
systems that produce significantly more data at periodic intervals, and have significantly more interconnected and interdependent components for monitoring, debugging and prediction use cases in real time.
The idea came up as part of a research to address the need to monitor the health of large number of services running on multiple appliances in RSA Security Analytics product
suite. The existing solution collects small number of metrics and displays them but provides no solution to check correlations between different time series metrics. This proposed idea will help to proactively detect and predict hypotheses involving different time series data.
The data will be pulled from the endpoints by collectors at user specified interval. Apache ZooKeeper will be used to provide dynamic discovery of data sources. Collected data will be pre-processed to remove trends, cyclical and seasonal components. Dickey-Fuller tests will be done to see if the data is stationary or not. The cleansed data will be stored in and queried from Cassandra data base. There will be separate online clusters for different concerns, e.g., real-time, historical needs. The raw data can be queried using CQL. The model building and causality prediction will be done using NumPy. The result will be plotted using matplotlib to find evidence of correlation between the different time series that will be checked pairwise and in blocks. The input time series and the predicted time series data will be retrieved and plotted on charts using a web application. The charts can also be created and saved in dashboards 
that will be equipped with tools to help analyze the data.
This idea will improve the monitoring solutions by proactively detecting and forecasting health of large number of services running in a distributed application
product suite. It will help improve customer satisfaction as they will be able to take precaution action themselves without having to call customer services for post mortem when the problem has already happened.
