Re-constructing culture and building cross-cultural perspectives with digitization
The solution is directly relevant to cultural digitization as we have proposed a method to collect/analyse digital cultural data and re-build the culture perspectives from the obtained data. Visually attractive rebuilding of the culture would attract more people to participate and thus better crowd sourcing. 
The idea came out of a brainstorming session involving both the innovators and then refined with couple of sessions
Sample Screen shots are provided here: https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155871

Culture is defined as a collection of various attributes like land, language, food, dress, construction, festivals, colours and much more. We propose to build an App 
that will collect, analyse and re-build such information in a much more deeper level with more such defined attributes. The ability of the app to reconstruct in a visually
impressive forms will attract more crowd sourcing. 

1. The information collected can be text, images, sound and videos. A very detailed questionnaire to collect variety of information should be in place. For instance - taking food in to account - collect information on staple food, festive food, medicinal food and much more from them.
2. The information collected is geo tagged to make sure to associate the location information to the data and thus to the culture. 
3. All the collected information is categorized and analysed to find relational patterns
4. Images can be processed to find unique objects/components as part of the culture. For instance a Chinese lantern or a lion dance dragon from a chinese new year image.
5. Similarly all the collected sound can be processed to identify the unique usage of instruments/rhythms associated to the culture. For instance, an african Kalimba's image and sound
6. All the image/sound processing can be done by ready made libraries available. 
7. Re-constructing the culture again with the information collected. For instance, if somebody wants to look at an European festival -  the colours, the music, 
the food and related information can be presented in digital images. 
8. Cross-cultural rebuilding like a fusion - For instance, An Indian man residing in North America can celebrate/decorate with a mix of local and Indian flavours.
9. Useful patterns can be brought out with the analysis of data - such a medicinal food for a particular ailment can result in interesting results from across the world. 
The development of the App and widespread adoption determines the success of the idea. 
