Setup a QoS oriented NAS environment by ViPR and software defined network(SDN) product
Almost customers have issues of performance of NAS file shares because IP network always shared by different applications. The idea is to make ViPR and SDN work together to guarantee link security and stable bandwidth; let customers can enjoy different QoS of file service in complex IP environment.
The idea was considered when we started talking about software define data center. As we all know, there are hosts, IP and FC switches/routers and file/block arrays in data center, so it's not reasonable if only talking about array virtualization as a SDDC solution. Actually with the development of IP network in past 40 years, there are many different and complex IP environments in different data centers. Follow a logical train of thought, I start consider how to integrate of software define storage ViPR with existing software define network product, make it a whole software define data center solution, make the data flow more intelligent and efficient in data centers and bring more values to customers. This year EMC announce open source of vipr controller, it's a great chance to make ViPR integrate with other open source solution for SDN, make the whole solution easy to become true.   
The idea is to solve performance issue of NAS file by integrating SDN and ViPR together. After creating a file share to a host by ViPR,  SDN can receive a notification to setup dedicated data link to the hosts and array port, thus guarantee enough bandwidth and QoS of file shares and improve user experience. 
The main advantages of this idea is to make 2 virtualization products work together to provide a end-to-end solution in IP env and improve user experience and security of data. with this idea, customers won't meet possible issues with IP network, besides, customers have chance to define different QoS of file shares, not only depends on performance of NAS array, but also add network bandwidth and link security into account.
Currently there is no other similar solution can abstract control and data layers on both switch and array devices at same time, which makes the idea is unique. besides, because the idea has specific use cases to solve, which makes it valuable to whole software define data center solution and to future of EMC
If the solution was fully incubated, it will become a real and complete solution of software define data center, it will bring more business chances to EMC and make more money because of 4 unique advances:
1. Extent ability of ViPR to make it adapt for different complex IP environment, like VLAN environment, and provide QoS definition in ViPR virtual pool;
2. Make it easy to control all devices in one control node and reduce IT maintenance effort in data centers, reduce cost. 
3. because it controls both switches/routers and file arrays, the product provides an intelligent algorithm to make data flow more efficient and safe, make bandwidth more stable from host to array
4. the solution is independent of types of hosts, so it is fit for Vmware, HyperVisor, open-stack and other different physical and virtual hosts, which can bring more business chance to EMC
