Converged Infrastructure for Data Persistence in Docker Cluster
For Israel COE Challenge:
The hyper converged infrastructure provided by ScaleIO and Docker will be a good combination and widely used in IT industry.
For Russia COE Open Source Challenge:
Docker is the most popular open source project now. As the leading storage company, we should lead to the data persistence of Docker. And the combination of EMC storage and Docker will generate great impact and value.
We are working on a project to resolve the Docker migration problems, and the storage migration is a big problem in Docker use scenario. And we knew ScaleIO, which is a good distributed software storage product. We think the combination of ScaleIO and Docker will resolve this problem. Also ScaleIO will provide other value to Docker. We did the a rough PoC to prove the feasibility.
ScaleIO can be leveraged into Docker cluster for data persistence. ScaleIO uses the converged infrastructure, so it can be integrated with Docker cluster, to generate the great value. The SDS (ScaleIO data server) component installed on each node in Docker cluster could take over all disks on this server. So all storage resource in the Docker cluster can be aggregated into a big storage pool. The SDC (ScaleIO data client) component installed on the node in Docker cluster could provide storage resource to the Docker containers on the node. Provided by the features of ScaleIO? Docker can use the storage resource like local disk, and while the Docker migrates to another host in the cluster, there is no need to migrate the storage, but just map the storage to the SDC on the new host, then the Docker can access the original disk like a local disk. The access to storage is transparent to Docker.
The combination of ScaleIO and Docker is a little similar to VMware and VSAN. Docker can be benefits from the distributed, converged architecture of ScaleIO, and its all features, like load-balance, scalability, elastic and good performance. Docker is a hot open source project and is used more and more widely, but the data migration is a pain point of Docker users and there is not a suitable storage products for Docker scenario. The sales of ScaleIO will increase by the combination of ScaleIO and Docker. 
