VirtualID Access
IT Challenge name: IT Contemporary Workplace Challenge The Contemporary Workplace or The Cooler Office!
Description: Create a modern and fun workplace with new and cutting edge ways to communicate and collaborate. Provide a seamless experience from anywhere with device flexibility and less restrictions.

This idea creates a simplified access to facilities, parking, or any secure areas. It uses modern mobile and wireless technologies to create one less item employees need to carry around with them. It turns opening doors into a star trek like experience.

I came up with this idea on my own. I recently had to go do a different facility than my normal workspace for a meeting in the afternoon. after walking in from the parking lot, I realized I had left my EMC Badge in the console in my car, I then had to run back to my car and back to the building to make my meeting on time. my previous work experience was centered around NFC technology and it occurred to me that there was a simple solution to my problem and it was right in my pocket, and on my wrist (applewatch also contains NFC)
My solution is to use the NFC antenna in our phones to create a virtual ID badge that can interact with the various access systems throughout EMC/federation facilities. NFC can do what's called Card emulation, this means that it can broadcast a connection to the antenna the same way our badges, and parking access badges do. this is how ApplePay, googlepay, and Samsung pay all work. It is a simple method, that is even more secure than our current cards. Plus we don't have to carry our ID cards with us anymore. We all have our mobile devices with us non stop, and this solution (like the softtoken before it) consolidates us even more to the devices we use every day.
There are several ways that this could be fully implemented, either a standalone app available on both android and IOS, or working our cards into the existing ecosystem, (apple wallet or google wallet provide a secure home for our ID cards similar to adding a credit card into either ecosystem, or like the oyster card for accessing trains in London). This would be easily installed an most EMC employees devices, providing extra security, reduced cost (printing and distributing plastic badges), simplify access for employees by including cards on their existing mobile devices, optimize our access process. this would truly as the challenge states "IT Contemporary Workplace Challenge The Contemporary Workplace or The Cooler Office... Create a modern and fun workplace with new and cutting edge ways to communicate and collaborate. Provide a seamless experience from anywhere with device flexibility and less restrictions."

