IT Atlas Methodology
The IT Atlas is a methodology for showing a customer how they can transform their IT infrastructure from where they are today, into an Enterprise Hybrid Cloud, and then how to use EHC to enable additional services to the business.  The IT Atlas helps EMC develop new sales opportunities by looking at the big picture over time.  The entire EMC Federation portfolio of hardware/software/services solutions can be represented in an IT Atlas document, specific to how a customer would use the solutions.  The IT Atlas is used directly with a customer, as well as internally with EMC sales teams.  This universal document can be both owned by the customer to promote the roadmap vision within their own company, and also internally within EMC to educate/motivate/forecast sales opportunities. 
Last year, I originally developed the IT Atlas (original name was Transformation Guide) for my customer, the State of Wisconsin.  My customer told me that I knew their environment better than they did, and they wanted to see my vision for their infrastructure over the next few years, in a "flip chart" style document.  From this simple request, I created a new way to draw a customer's environment in PowerPoint.  I reviewed my draft work with EMC Consulting (who wanted services included), and also VMware (who wanted to keep my layers of IT in sync with VMware messaging).  The result was a roadmap vision document that was used for 3+ months at the State of Wisconsin to help sell a $17M deal that closed in June 2013.  The success of the IT Atlas methodology at the State of Wisconsin was picked up by my whole district, my whole area, and quickly spread into the Central Division, and then Scott Peyser saw it and wanted to make it a standard across North America.  The Global Accounts for the Americas have implemented the IT Atlas as a standard account planning tool.  SE's for enterprise accounts in the Americas were asked to create an IT Atlas for one of their customers as a Q1 2015 MBO.  There have been over 800 IT Atlas documents created and uploaded into SalesForce.
The IT Atlas methodology is used to develop and document a three to five year roadmap for a customer’s IT infrastructure.  The roadmap shows how the customer can standardize their information infrastructure, deploy an Enterprise Hybrid Cloud system to achieve Infrastructure-as-a-Service, and then expand IaaS to additional services… all presented as a "flip chart" in PowerPoint slides.  With a high level view of a customer's entire IT infrastructure on a single page, you can show changes to that overall infrastructure as you go to each new slide, and the interaction of all the layers of IT (from infrastructure, up to how the business uses IT) can be shown.  The uniqueness of the IT Atlas is how the layers of IT are shown on one page which allows you to graphically depict changes that happen to IT, according to a roadmap vision.  Another innovation is that the same IT Atlas document can be used externally with a customer, and also internally with EMC sales and post-sale services.  The IT Atlas methodology can be used to communicate the sales campaigns in an end-to-end EMC sales account planning process.

You can find my template and instructions for creating an IT Atlas at:  https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-117493   Someday I would like to see these documents and examples moved to a PreSales area of Inside EMC, instead of the Global Architect section it currently resides in. 

I also created an Accreditation Training Module for introducing the IT Atlas to other SE's.
There are many success stories today where the IT Atlas has been critical to EMC winning multi-million dollar deals with customers, where the sale has been greatly expanded because the customer wanted to buy more than just the next infrastructure upgrade from EMC, and also where the customer saw that EMC was the only customer with a complete vision for their IT environment and the customer trusted EMC with their business.  ALL THIS SUCCESS HAPPENED FROM A TOOL DEVELOPED BY A SINGLE PRINCIPAL SE.  

My ask for the IT Atlas is that EMC makes an investment in the tool to take it to the next level.  Building an IT Atlas "correctly" requires the EMC SE to have sufficient knowledge in infrastructure upgrades/refreshes, how to add EHC to the environment, and how to continue selling ITaaS components to meet customer needs.  Plus the SE needs to have a strong working relationship with their EMC Consulting counterparts to scope/price/sell the services that go along with the IT Atlas.  And the EMC Sales Rep needs to be able to think very big and financially justify the solutions proposed in the IT Atlas.  This is a lot of next generation SE knowledge, and next gen sales rep knowledge.   Perhaps a central services offering could be created where a team of experts interviews the EMC account team (maybe even the customer) and builds the PowerPoint slides.  Or even better, but more work/cost, would be a website where you could type in the details and answer questions about the customer's environment and where you want to take them, and then an automated tool builds the IT Atlas roadmap vision document.  There is also an immediate need to start sharing the IT Atlas methodology with EMC partners.  However, because it is only a PowerPoint template file right now, there really is no way to protect it from getting out into the wild and ending up in a competitor's hands.  The IT Atlas methodology is not dependent on EMC Federation logos to be on the slides, and any one of our competitors could produce the same type of document with non-EMC logos on each slide.  I think it is time for EMC Legal to consider intellectual property protection for the IT Atlas methodology.  And one more ask is that EMC consider how to scale the support and enhancements of the IT Atlas.  One SE in the field (myself), who already has a full load of accounts to support, can only do so much.  I personally want to stay closely involved with the IT Atlas methodology, so I am open to a potential change in my day-to-day responsibilities at EMC, however that would require some significant backfill of SE strength in my district.

Thank you for your consideration of this idea..!
