GBS C&C Enhancing Cross-Federation Collaboration, Delivering Synergies in the COE Ecosystem
We directly addressed the challenge of increasing communication and collaboration across the Credit & Collections Departments of all Federation Partners, with the aim of delivering clear benefits to our own business, and our customers. This was initiated by identifying key stakeholders, establishing communication forums, outlining current practices – as well as best practices outside of EMC - and planning future, shared strategies based on analysis of gathered data. 
This idea came up as a result of the Great Places to Work Café Conversations initiative, run within the GBS Credit & Collections team. The aim of this was to address our desire for more collaboration and communication across EMC.  The idea has been turned into an on-going project, with key contacts now engaged from VMWare, RSA, VCE and EMC II, and process-sharing workshops have taken place. Further work will be done to integrate Pivotal.  Analysis has been completed and now the project team will implement a number of processes which can be shared across the teams.
The solution will eradicate the siloed approach of our C&C community, enabling further visibility and use of best practices, while increasing communication and collaboration throughout the organization. For example, our analysis of procedures across Credit & Collections in EMC, VMWare and VCE – along with procedures in common with Accounts Payable – showed that processes were varied – despite the goal being the same. This communication and analysis gave us the ability to identify best practices and share process improvement suggestions across departments and federations. For this, we first identified key contacts within the various groups we wished to work with.  Having established this connection, we set up forums to discuss common processes and to detail exactly how we achieve our goals.  All parties shared their processes and all data was gathered for analysis.  Best practices, systems and common pain points were highlighted – with a view to identifying process improvements to be shared across the departments and federation.  We drove the collaboration and shared the process improvements, thereby enhancing EMC’s brand to innovate. 
If this idea came to fruition, it would manifest itself in the form of a streamlined, best practice initiative across EMC, and its federation partners.  This would directly improve C&C productivity through process enhancement whilst allowing each team to become more efficient.  It would also enhance the Customer Experience for all federation partners, as approaches to customer-facing activities would be aligned.  We could provide packaged solutions to our customers – with seamless transitions between the companies of the federations - and key contacts will have been established prior to engaging with the customer.
