Social Value/Sense driven Diversity
Its not  a long shot. When clusters of minds who relate to similar set of pains that they cannot tackle individually, join, with clear mission and leadership generally turns to bring out revolutions big or small. This only means that an idea is born and there is a strategy to approach towards fruition of an idea. While EMC has niche teams which are technologically capable, these are limited to those "selected" minds to understand, brainstorm and ideate. While their efforts must be truly respected and valued, the way people respond to CSR based initiatives, give you a totally different grasp of commitments and actions. 
I am sure I am not the only one who thought of it although I don't know if anyone has thought about it already. Creativity, vision and the intent to pursue comes from one's personal association with the idea/problem he/she wants to address. While all of us have opinions about many things in the world (Social media is proof of those very close-knit opinions (10 years ago) coming in public forums. All this emotion and intelligence is potentially helping hundreds of start-ups outside who are focused mostly on monetizing it. 

Expand the science of CSR (Charity is only what individuals can do from a personal strength) to wider local issues that matter to the section of EMC population in respective regions across the world. Like we have Hackatons in the technology circle, probably create CSR based Hackaton events where pre-emptive requests of potential CSR and related ideas is done. 
Set these ideas for voting. 
Create core groups of potential attendants who can get into a 2 day event to brainstorm  
Declare the voting statistics to the target population can have a mental consensus to the ones they wish to attack
Have mentors available to direct the conversation from which will give some direction on how a potential solution can be arrived for ideas. 
Create smaller target group based follows up and report on the status to executive sponsors. 
Using internal technologies, social media - create forums. Create a time off plan for people to invest time to think about ideas that are close to their heart. 
Create a non-appraisal based, industry-socially aware recognition process through Electronic media where we create "Heros". This should not be something that is traditional EMC rewards driven just so people don't focus on this for a reward. The rewarding process can be figured out which is beneficially both to EMC and the individual/team which helps achieve an idea. 
EMC can do this internally. While not calling the culture of creating a start-up, if an idea get a logical journey from proper use of deliberation, EMC could achieve internal clusters of innovation paths/internal startups which can keep the pond alive and kicking. EMC as an organization will also be able to achieve a more social relevance from being an societally conscious organization. this is one way from my limited intelligence where innovation can happen at grass-roots and thrive within the like-minded clusters in this huge organization. 
EMC may not see any benefit immediately, but constant focus on something like this, in 2 years time, there could be multiple clusters of innovation ideas that EMC can socially profit from. 
