Innovate through Diversity
The ideas mentioned here proposes ways to improve diverse focus to various innovation process at company level.
I got these thoughts after reading the referenced article and thinking more about this topic.
Innovation Roadmap could be a good place to trying something to improve cross-collaboration across geographies and among diversified employees. 

Today, though the challenges are open to all, there is no way to advertise for like-minded folks (who are interested in solving a specific challenge) and get them to collaborate on a problem.

Now, how do we go about this? 

First, there should be a portal (inside.emc.com or else where), where someone can place an advertisement, seeking collaborators for a specific challenge.
Then, there should be a way for others to go to that portal from innovation central, through a simple link. For example, look for all folks interested in brainstorming about this problem.
There could be a limit on the group size as well.
Once a set of individuals decide to form a group and explore a common challenge, there should a provision (may be a mobile app) to connect with each other and share all notes, research papers, interesting links etc. in one place.
(A moderator could be chosen by the group to ensure timelines, forward progress of idea and conflict resolution.)


Q: Is your solution scalable across Platform 2.0 to Platform 3.0 innovations? 

Of course, most of this is based on social (internal) & mobile app collaboration!

Q: Have you proposed a way to measure the impact of the diverse innovation team versus a non-diverse innovation team? 

Say, we try this for various company-wide innovation event for a period of 1-3 yrs, then we could use that data to see whether 'diversified' teams are reaching the 'Finalists' level more than 'non-diversified' teams or individuals.

Q: How does your recommendation include the global nature of EMC, if applicable?

The solution proposed here, mainly aims at improving collaboration across geographies.


Few side notes:

- A similar thing could be tried for other company-level events as well. Basically, call for teams with various diversity parameters. This will automatically enable people form new connections within the organization.

- This kind of collaboration could also be tried by creating 'Common Interest Groups' and enabling them with small projects from time to time.

This will result in more collaboration, GPTW scores and general employee satisfaction.
