ECD Solutions/Products Catalog for EMC Enterprise Hybrid Cloud (EHC) Platform
Our idea will increase customer adoption of EHC VMware edition by providing ECD services/products catalog (like search, sync/share, collaboration, content management). 

Current available modular add-ons in EHC includes Oracle Databases, SAP Apps, Microsoft Apps, etc. Providing content based solutions/services will be more prevalent and will mask the complexity to deploy ECD products.

•	APJ COE "Solutions Platform" Challenge
This idea integrates ECD solutions and products into global EHC Service Catalog for better customer experience and richer features with existing technology assets.

•	Enterprise Content Division (ECD) Challenge
This idea makes ECD products more close with EMC ecosystem, especially in EHC.

•	Global Solutions Challenge
This idea makes EMC and Federation products combined into EMC Solution Catalog for easier service orchestration, like what we have done for Oracle Databases, SAP Apps, Microsoft Apps.

Inspired by the tech talk of EHC, we found that the available modular add-ons in EHC includes Oracle Databases, SAP Apps, Microsoft Apps, Hadoop and many other common services
In order to publish the catalog item of ECD solutions/products to the global Solutions Exchange Marketplace, we need to follow the steps below:

    1) Plan the customization specifications for different products, like database connection, storage allocation, network setting, etc.
    2) Create the virtual machines with proper configurations, convert to a service template for service catalog
    3) Publish the service template to the marketplace
    4) Customers imports ECD application blueprints from the marketplace in self-service mode and do proper configuration before provisioning


Regarding how to do the licensing, we could follow the practice how we do for Oracle database and EMC Data Domain.

For the OpenStack edition of EHC, that needs to use Heat Orchestration Template, but the general idea and workflow is similar.
Increase customer adoption of EHC VMware edition by providing ECD services/products catalog (like search, sync/share, collaboration, content management). 

Mask the complexity to deploy ECD products.
