Contemporary meeting room management solution
Enables a modern and contemporary workplace leveraging 3rd Platform services to provide a convenient and flexible solution to manage and utilize meeting rooms and space
Cork IT Free Form Idea from an Idea Generation Session
Introduce, as standard, the meeting room scheduling system which enables users to book meeting rooms via a touch screen at the door of the meeting room, indicates (using a traffic light system) whether the room is available (green) or not (red), clearly shows who has the room booked and automatically releases the room if the occupants do not show up. The rooms will also be bookable in advance as is the case today. Note: this system is already available in the City Gate offices in Mahon, Cork, Ireland and has been very successful; but other locations would also benefit from this type of a solution.

We’d also like to improve the current system by making it available on breakout rooms and/or 1x1 rooms also.

A valuable addition to the solution would be to develop an App which would enable users to see, from the device of their choice, what meetings rooms are available and when for that day. It would also identify where they are located, so the closest one can be booked as well as highlight the capabilities available e.g. Video conferencing, electronic white-board  etc. This App could equally be built for the other available meeting room scheduling systems that EMC uses should they choose not to deploy the meeting room scheduling system.
This would provide a more contemporary work environment for EMC employees. It would improve productivity levels by easing the administrative tasks of locating and booking meeting rooms as well as locating available breakout rooms freeing up time to conduct more value add activities. It would also endeavor to improve the utilization and management of meeting rooms and breakout rooms, release meeting rooms which are not occupied, enable meetings to begin on time and cut down the number of people occupying the wrong meeting room.
