Maximized communication and awareness a click away
-Building an environment of employees who are aware of other products in the company.
Through introducing an application on inside EMC that will have a collection of presentation introduces by every team about every product.

-Helping to improve communication and sharing knowledge and collaboration.
By involving people from every team and encouraging them to make a presentation for other coworkers in EMC. In addition of having an expert; for helping; in each team known to everyone in the company.

From the first day I joined EMC, I was curious about what do we have in this company what are we supporting and until now I didn’t get all answers I want and every day by chance I discover a new product. I wished I can do something to have a plan or database in a simple and easy way presented by our co-workers and not that complicated.
Knowing that I can create an idea and submit it, I thought I can introduce this as a solution.

The idea is based on having a ground where everyone can refer to and communicate through it.
Firstly, I will start by doing an application on inside EMC having all products in each product there will be an opportunity for everyone to attach a presentation related to their product and include a specific time to deliver it.
Secondly,  I will make sure that anyone who attached a presentation is available for other and can dedicate some time to help co-workers if they have an issue related to his/her product.
Last but not least, every quarter everyone who made a presentation will have an opportunity to ask for a specific outing or activity he/she wished for. It will be considered as an acceptable reward without spending money. Example, He/she may ask for going to play basketball, cooking or maybe going out to specific place.  
The main target is to gather as much information as possible and have it available as well as letting others participate in it. 

Success can be achieved when information is gathered about every product and also when people can say that “yes, I am aware of these products”. It doesn’t have to be from the prospective of knowing by heart every product, just having an idea and knowing it’s there is enough.
This will definitely improve collaboration and communication between teams as well as enhancing productivity as we will save time searching for the answer of whom shall I contact when I need instant reply for specific product or I want to know a quick idea about a product to help solve my issue.
