Improving Diversity and Innovation at EMC
Our solution addresses diversity at EMC including the following groups: age, gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, disability, culture/ethnicity (for global customers) using a holistic approach. For social corporate responsibility to be effective, it must be a core company value with executive leadership and the board holding it strongly in their values. With strong leadership at the top levels the value will become an even stronger part of our culture. Our solution will make diversity part of the EMC DNA, which it make it a more innovative company and improve its bottom line.
David Kassay proposed working on the HR challenge to the EOS2 Product Security and Trusted Engineering group. Danny Ozone of PSTE expressed interest in working on this challenge. Ozone and Kassay met with Srinivas Gopalan, the innovation goal facilitator, on June 22 to brainstorm ideas.
Our solution makes diversity advancements in corporate policy, recruitment, development and training. When recruiting, hiring managers and those who interview candidates should be made aware of their implicit biases by taking an IAT test (or one modified for EMC goals, https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/) that measures this. Resumes should be scrubbed of candidate names before being presented to hiring managers to avoid bias based on name.  Recruitment should highlight the diverse groups we have at EMC (Asian Circle, LGBT groups, women’s groups).  Employee referral program should be modified to encourage and attract a more diverse workforce. We also recommend using Minority Social Media groups attract talent from minority groups.  
At the corporate policy level, we recommend giving employees diversity goals in alignment with the Diversity and Inclusion performance goals and tying MBOs to diversity goals. For new hires we propose a revamped mentoring system where EMC veterans volunteer. New hires who want a mentor can use a website to find someone to mentor them. This will create a welcoming environment for new hires from diverse backgrounds. We also recommend more diversity training for new hires and existing employees. 
For development of EMC products we propose (1) Leveraging younger resources to focus on social media build out (2) Leveraging different cultures to provide input and test IVT localizations and Internationalization (3) Leveraging resources from states that have hacked into our products to do pen testing (4) Pulling in resources with disabilities to ensure EMC applications are friendly to those with different types of disability.
Having a diverse workforce will drive innovation. Results should be seen in improved financial performance, a happier workforce, less turnover and having more people attracted to working at EMC. EMC will become more visible for its diversity and social responsibility with high rankings in industry polls on this topic in Diversity Inc., Forbes Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, etc. Our percentage of new hires who identify with one of the diversity groups will increase. Diversity-related complaints and litigation against EMC will decrease. EMC will be able to market its products to a more diverse range of customers. Our executive leadership and board will be more diverse. 
