Smart Tasks Remainder by mining Emails and applying Natural Language Processing/Text Analytics
My idea is related to the IT Contemporary Workplace Challenge. This idea improves employee productivity and this is an unconventional(smarter) way of looking at enterprise applications. 
The inspiration for the idea is from Google Now which creates remainders from my GMail records.  
http://googleresearch.blogspot.in/2015/06/new-ways-to-add-reminders-in-inbox-by.html
The proposed idea is to build a smart reminder app which read the users mail box and adds remainders based on text analytics
1. The application runs on a server and every user will have a client
2. The program would login to the userss exchange server account and reads mails sent by applications(PlanIT, Concur, SAP etc) 
3. Parsing the text in the email, the application would understand a remainder is required for this and created a remainder with the following information
	a. What is to be reminded(Approving xxxx's request in Concur)
	b. Due Date
	c. Created Date
	d. Link(link to directly go to the application eg Concur) 
	c. Approve/Reject buttons for approval claims - if possible
	
4. The remainders would be pushed to the clients running in the laptop and mobile
5. There would be an option to snooze a remainder
6. The entire system can be built in three phases
	a. Phase I - Deploy the system as is using the emails current sent by the systems(Low accuracy)
	b. Phase II - Make the systems to generate emails which can be easily understandable by Smart Reminder(High Accuracy)
	c. Phase III - Build APIs and wherever possible let the systems directly send remainders using APIs(Highest accuracy)
7. The system can be enhanced to create reminders in mails sent by humans users(for eg: a mail from the build manager to complete checkins by 6 PM would create a remainder) 
1. Quicker to build than trying to build an aggregator for all applications
2. Accuracy improved with learning and by applying better models
3. With good accuracy improves productivity across organizations
4. This would push our EMC's capabilities text analytics which can be leveraged in other ways
