"How do we improve EMC UK&I’s brand and recruitment processes to ensure we attract and retain the most inclusive mix of best young talent available to the company?"
Our ideas provide short, medium and long term initiatives to help drive a strategy across UK&I to help overcome a key challenge around the age agenda.  As part of addressing this issue this would enable us to also address the many other dimensions of D&I as we aim to attract the best and brightest young talent to EMC regardless of gender, religion, ethnicity, disability etc….. 
The below people were part of the High Contributors Program in UK&I for 2015.  As part of this we were set a project with the following heading "How do we attract diverse talent to EMC with a compelling strategy that promotes our Brand for being the employer of choice within IT".  Once we understood more about the subject matter of D&I we realised that we needed to focus on something quite specific as per our above title.  The project involved a very structured approach to data gathering both within EMC and external to EMC.  An Idea Generation Session followed this creating> 71 ideas of which we distilled this down to the 7 ideas within the attached PDF.  This presentation was delivered to the UK&I leadership team in June 2015 and we are due to follow up with HR Management to discuss how we move these initiatives forward.
After thorough research across our business there is limited activity covering our recommendations.  Whilst the subject of D&I is key to EMC EMEA with the primary agenda being focused on gender, our research led us to consider and focus on initiatives for attracting the best young talent that would also enhance the gender agenda.  The heart of our proposal is to introduce with 100% stakeholder support a UK&I Diversity and Inclusion Strategy.  This will complement existing D&I work streams already in place and provide some specific initiatives to move the needle on the D&I position in UK&I.  The following link will lead to the actual presentation delivered by the team to Management. https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155034
Significantly moving the dial on D&I is fundamentally Enhancing Innovation, Business Performance and Competitive Advantage for EMC UK&I.  We would look to enhance the already high performance culture within EMC and ultimatley enhance the end to end process from brand perception, recruitment strategy, benefits package and talent management.  This would also align with David Goulden's BHAG of achieving top 10 status on the Diversity Inc. report by 2017.
