Excellence@EMC 2.0
Improves collaboration between employees, encouraging a sense of teamwork and satisfaction. It will also improve communication and feedback and drive performance to a higher standard. This benefits the workplace moving towards workplace 2.0
The idea was a product of a group innovation workshop incorporating employees across various teams within CS. The program was facilitated by co-ops. The idea was discussed and refined through group discussion.
Introduce a point-based system to recognise and appreciate employees which would be in addition to the existing R&R, cash based system. Points can be allocated by peers or management with the expectation that it should be used more frequently than the current R&R system. Points can then be used to acquire small rewards once enough points have been accumulated. System for allocation of points and rewards is determined departmentally. Assisting a colleague with an SR in CS is an example of something which would be recognised through this reward system. Manager’s approval would be required for credibility.
Idea is to target good work and to provide timely & frequent feedback which is often overlooked by R&R, through cumulative credit building. Points will be quick and easy to allocate, possibly integrated to a profile page on Inside EMC. As an option the system could be made public, if deemed appropriate, where points could be displayed on a board to encourage peer recognition or on a website where others could “like” or add comments on their colleagues good work as a way of saying thanks.
Feedback for positive work happens frequently. On average weekly per employee rather than quarterly or annually like the current R&R system. Feedback for someone through a point-based system allows for increased recognition of good performance. The incentive this creates will raise performance throughout the COE bringing benefit to the business, and to its customers. Teamwork and collaboration between employees will increase, as will employee satisfaction.
