Rate My Product
My idea is for product as well as process enhancement. By implementing this idea and getting customer and partner feedback we can rate our product and can easily identify areas where in improvement/ enhancement is required. So by implementing this process across all products we can definitely improve TCE. At the same time we can also rate our competitors products and see where we stand and how we can get better? 
Came across this idea when I became a mentor of a new SVT team we formed in India CoE and I started mentoring them on various aspects to SVT and SER analysis. One of the senior managers shared with me a few slides on VMAX scorecard and I saw the CoS increase drastically for VMAX even with so much enhancements in the products. So I took up a goal on working on creating a product scorecard. Worked with my team in Hopkinton in creating the scorecard and identifying opportunities for enhancements. When this challenge came up I thought it will be a good idea to implement it across all products because I have not seen it being adopted in other products.
A simple spreadsheet with various features, functionalities, requirements listed based on install-ability, upgrade-ability, use-ability, maintain-ability, documentation and connect-ability which we have to prioritize based on how important it is for our product. Once all the requirements are prioritized you can check how much of it is implemented in your product and with the help of some macros running in the background you can calculate the score of your product. In the same way you can calculate the score of your competitive product and easily identify enhancement opportunities. 
If my idea was implemented across all products then I would call it a success because its actually a process enhancement which would eventually lead to product enhancement and thereby improving overall TCE. It will definitely benefit the company as it would identify enhancement opportunities in the simplest of way and also it would help us rate ourselves against our competitors. Beauty of this idea is that this one template can be used across all EMC products.
