EMC Central Updater
This idea will help the end users (admin), to identify the latest firmware to be   upgraded if released by vendor from a single location (or intimate via mail). The up gradation of firmware of any EMC equipment in a Data Center can be done from a single location by a single click

In Lab, i am getting multiple requests to upgrade multiple EMC equipment including 3rd party arrays. I found it difficult to identify,download the software bundles from different location (vendor website) &  to upgrade all the arrays by logging into each one I started thinking that it would be good to do all the up-gradation activity from a Single location. This would save my time and my effort. An internal evaluation is done by installing xmcli,naviseccli in the same server & tried upgrading a VNX & XtremIO array at the same time which is giving positive result. 
Customers will be intimated about the updates required for EMC equipment like VNX2, XtremIO, Vplex, ISILON, Symmetrix, Data Domain Etc. in a Data center by this equipment. The tool will run the health check frequently and will inform the users about the requirements to be met to continue with the upgradation. The tool will upgrade multiple EMC equipment in Data center from a single location if initiated. If roll back is required, tool will take care of rolling back and restoring the equipment to the way how it was ruinning
The Product will have a GUI interface to the end user where the user can see the existing firmware version running and the new version released by the vendor for multiple EMC equipment. The tool will also mention the requirement to be met in the equipment for successful up-gradation. Users can upgrade multiple EMC equipment of same type & different type  in data center from the tool. This will reduce the downtime taken for multiple equipment upgrade. Will save the effort to upgrade multiple equipment in Data center.This will make the administration easy as well. This will help EMC to make money by selling the license to upgrade different equipment. for eg: license to upgrade XtremIO, license to upgrade VNX, license to upgrade Vplex. This optimize the process to a great level
