Mass Standardisation to enable Mass Customisation
Make GPO/EMC’s supply chain and manufacturing operations more efficient and effective. drive cost out of our operations to enable investment in Platform 3. Position for Platform 3 configurability. 
A recent article in the Institute of Industrial Engineers Monthly Magazine. "Is Mass Customisation nearing its tipping point?"
1.	The same tin can is used for Peas, Peaches, Beans, spaghetti, etc., but the contents are different. Why can’t the same Chassis’s, Rails etc. be used for all EMC products? We currently have wide hardware variation - Evergreen, Beachcomber, Jetfire, Argonaut, Megatron, Koala, Apollo, Viper, Derringer, Voyager,Viking Pikes Peak, etc. The SP Boards could be unique and perhaps a VMAX system may require more Chassis’s than a VNX, but could the same modular hardware used. eg. Could a Jetfire Enclosure be used for all? Could a Viking DAE be used for all? This could greatly reduce inventory challenges, provide more flexibility and greatly simplify processes. This would streamline the supply chain, and provide greater process stability. Eg. If we have a process in place for a VNX, we have a process in place for all products.  
2.	Does EMC offer too many parts? Does the customer want all the current choice, or is it confusing? A past analysis of Avail Floorspace requirements in the CMO USD DAE Cell indicated that, of the 72 Drive part numbers available, 44 (60%) of them made up just 7.5% of the Qtr’s shipments. Managing this complexity is sure to cause supply chain & stock mismatch challenges. It also complicates & impacts CTO cycle time. Could we reduce our offerings, improving GPO ability to execute, without impacting the customer? 

A Build Operator being able to build every product. Huge reduction in Qty of parts being managed. One Very Large Cell processing all our products as opposed to various Cells. One Material Transport solution required, not different solutions for different Hardware. Reduced Avail Floorspace due to less part numbers. Reduced Carry over of material due to simpler supply chain and increased flexibility. Ease of customisation. Easier to Ramp up Capacity at EOQ. Greater Process Stability. 
