MetaLnx - Advanced Metadata for the Masses
Big Data, IoT, and the increasing OpEx cost of holding large data sets are forcing genomic researchers, oil and gas researchers, and archivist to leverage extensive file annotations (metadata), both hierarchical and unstructured, as proxy for the real data (to save costs).  Aiding the leverage of open source tools, like iRODS, which are becoming very popular in these data verticals gives EMC a technology leadership edge and tool for being recognized as a thought leader in these growing market areas.  It becomes even more critical when you realize that the tools/models/etc. developed for genomics research will become the tools used for clinical genomics - a market that is now starting up.
Existing EMC Isilon customers in Life Sciences & Genomics are faced with the problem of managing huge data lakes, curating data in ranges approaching 100 years, and providing highly annotated data sets to support genomic research.  To this end they leverage an open source product, iRODS (The Integrated Rule Oriented Data System) to attack these issues along with automated data workflow management which it does well.  iRODS, however, if difficult to use if you are not a programmer.  The idea comes from talking with dozens of genomics researchers and supporting IT admins who provided insight into how to attack the problem. Many people have been involved in this effort to date giving help and advice. A partial list includes: Sasha Paegle, Patrick Combes, Steve Worth, Joel Schwartz, Patricia Florissi, Muhammad Anwar, Sue Smith (retired), Henrique Nogueira, Arthur Guerra, Meliene Assato, Ng Yen, David Thomas, Leonid Levkovich-Maslyuk, Andrey Pakhomov, and Andrey Nevolin.
MetaLnx, based on usability studies done, simplifies day to day iRODS admin tasks so that a basic Windows or Linux admin can, without special training, manage a grid.  Likewise, the collection / metadata side of the tool allows anyone with a basic understanding of GUIs and a file browser to manage collections of iRODS objects, perform searches, and provide additional metadata annotations either manually or via templates. At this point a prototype which provides the core features is completed and ready for beta testing with real customers.

Link to more info:  https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-156192
The intent of MetaLnx is put general portions of it into Open Source this year and drive to make it the default GUI for iRODS usage in that community.  Additional work will tie a few, select value add features to leverage EMC storage products in the grid (ex. elastic search, hierarchical metadata). Based on conversations with customers this tool and our involvement in the iRODS community will allow EMC to keep and expand its leadership position with customers addressing massive, long term data acquisition and curation needs.  More and more EMC customers will be forced to address this issue in the future and when you consider the length of data retention requied (30 years+, up to 100) they are today and will focus on solutions which are vendor independent.  Data virtualization is a key feature of iRODS and why it is growing in popularity.
