Predictive tool for drive failures
Predictive analytics for proactive drive replacement will improve TCE, save money on support costs and provide the customers with better understanding of the EMC products they have purchased.
Combining different sources of data to create accurate predictive analytics tools is a recurrent demand on the DSaaS team and projects. As a first step we connected the error logs to replacement information from the historical IB table and verified we have proficiently large a population for a robust modelling project (3M drives). The predictive strength of the error data was evaluated by creating a survival function of the drives following different error occurrence to find that after a bad block error, for example, a drive is 20% likely to fail within the following year.   
A predictive machine learning model based on historical data collected from disk drives and EMC machines using the call home data, already available in the Business Data Lake (currently ECPS).
The suggested model will receive drive error logs in addition to other configuration features such as drive age, type and size. 
As PoC we trained a machine learning classifier on data from VNX SP-Collect triage files combined with with information from the Install Base and Service Request tables. This classifier predicted drive failure with 90% accuracy two weeks in advance.
In the past, data required for connecting failures to specific error behaviour was simply not collected or not available for analytics. Presently disk error logs are collected by USD sp-collect following a customer request and in VMAX background media scan data is sent home regularly. Service and configuration historical data are also collected, yet reside in the historical install base table. 
To enable such predictive and prescriptive analytics projects we have created a mapping schema to reliably connect these sources thus realizing the full potential of their data by enabling the construction of a model to predict when a drive is about to fail. 
The produced output will be a health score indicating how prone a drive is to fail within a predefined time period.
See also https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-154929 for more information
We see three applications: (i) Customer health score, an app used by the customer to view the health of different drive bays or products, (ii) proactive replacement in case a number of drive are at high risk in order to avoid DU/DL events and provide proactive service, (iii) Replacing more than one drive at CE visit, thus saving the major cost associated with drive replacement.
The benefits include savings in the replacement process (currently costing more than 100M per year), improved customer engagement, higher rates of call home enablement and proactive service.

