High efficient single deployment framework to deploy the clustering solutions, Be it VPlex-Appliance, VPlex VE or other.
APJ COE "Solutions Platform" Challenge: - Cost Efficiency, Customer Experience.
Brazil R&D Center Time-Series Architecture Challenge: - cost effective, efficient reference architecture.
Durham Data Center Elastic Labs Challenge:- Automation that will replace the manual work done in R&D labs today

Being a part of the QE organization has faced lot of times when deployment got delayed because of the above pain points.  
In order to simplify the whole process would like to propose an efficient automation framework to deploy the cluster solution without the need of individual administrators required.

1.A deployment framework which would detect the entire components available in the data center and then present to the customer.

2.A deployment framework which would let the customer choose which clustering solution he/she wants to deploy. Based on the chosen solution, configuration window pops up with the entire required component.    

3.A deployment framework presents the connectivity diagram as well of the components to the user/customer ,as a part of the GUI which will ease customer to understand the solution as a whole.

4.A deployment framework allows user/customer to choose from the listed components and user can go ahead, just drag and drop the respective component on the end configuration window.

5.Once done deployment framework checks for all the pre-requisites to deploy the configuration.If meets all the requirement user can chose to run the configuration.

6.Once chosen  deployment framework internally run all the task and deploy the solution. 

7.Once done deployment framework would provide all the necessary information to the end user/customer of the deployed solution/configuration.

If the proposed idea gets fully implemented, then main benefits that an organization would get is 
1.Make more money by reducing the deployment cost and sell the automated framework.
2.Improved customer satisfaction
3.Improve a product or technology.

