'Sustineo Anywhere': A Sustineo Open Community Based on Social Network and Mobile Technology
EMC Sustineo makes small things actionable, our idea can make the esprit into daily life, EMC China CoE has launched a new SNS platform basing on WeChat, we can make the Sustineo accessible on this platform. Our solution matches Environmental Stewardship Challenge very well.
This idea is raised out of a brainstorming session between the submitter. We've done certain investigation on Sustineo web UI and thought of mobile app as a better solution.
Our approach includes two portions:

1. Provide an enhanced Sustineo social application over mobile, which is called ‘Sustineo Anywhere’. 

2. Expose Sustineo to the external world, especially to those ECO communities outsides of EMC.


The enhanced Sustineo will co-exist with original web Sustineo and has all the functionality of the web Sustineo implemented, including action suggestion / completion, project browsing / joining, level / rank / point tracking, etc. 

Furthermore, facilitating mobile technology, a ‘Sustineo Anywhere’ user can enjoy additional features including:

1. More option to 'show' his achievements. E.g.
    * Allow user to take a picture after he finishes an action and upload to Sustineo to show his achievement in a more straightforward way. The pictures should also be uploadable / visible from the web version.
    * Allow user to record some voice on his comments / feelings about making the achievements and upload to Sustineo.

2. Receive action suggestions in a more prompt manner, that is, the app asks user’s location & status to suggest a more proper action to complete. 
    E.g. if the user is going out for his dinner, the mobile app can suggest him to try some vegetable.

3. Track his levels, scores and ranks anytime, anywhere via his handset. This tracking information should be synchronized with web Sustineo.

4. Watch other users’ achievements, scores and ranks and their achievements can be published to your mobile as a message. 

5. Invite his colleagues and friends in his mobile’s address book to participate in Sustineo. A successful invitation can increase the points of the user.



The idea of exposing Sustineo to external communities can bring additional benefits:

1. Allow external users to register and participate in the actions as well. They can also publish their achievements and accumulate points. Their ranks will compete with EMC internal users.

2. Allow external user to support / help an internal user on his action. Sustineo can also provide some 'group actions' for a user to sponsor.

3. Allow external communities with similar purpose to share their actions / plans / projects with Sustineo. Also encourage users to share their achievements / comments to other communities.
1. Allow external users to register and participate in the actions as well. They can also publish their achievements and accumulate points. Their ranks will compete with EMC internal users.

2. Allow external user to support / help an internal user on his action. Sustineo can also provide some 'group actions' for a user to sponsor.

3. Allow external communities with similar purpose to share their actions / plans / projects with Sustineo. Also encourage users to share their achievements / comments to other communities.
