Ready to use EMC DCA Appliance for Sentiment Analysis
EMC is looking for NEW business opportunities which will make information infrastructure more 
Relevant/useful today, and/or in the future. The new business should be within EMC 
Capabilities & also which what EMC wants to pursue. Must represent a sizeable market. 

Currently Sentiment Analytics is a challenge for everyone in the Market. There is no such product in the market which gives real time Sentiment Analytics. 

EMC to develop a product which measures Sentiment Analytics and offer as a product in the market
After I got to know the CTO challenge, I started browsing to know which is the best tool to do Sentiment Analytics. I found Semantria!!! 

Semantria LLC, founded in 2011, is a software-as-a- service and services company  specializing in cloud-based text and sentiment analysis. Semantria is a joint venture, co-founded by
the leading text analytics technology provider Lexalytics (Boston, MA), amongst other investors. URL - http://www.semantria.com 

The proposed solution is as below -

Gather the posts on the relevant data on which we want to do sentiment analytics n the social media –
External websites:
•	Twitter (tweets)
•	Facebook
•	Instagram
•	Linkedin
•	Technical blogs
•	Developer Community

Source data can be gathered based on each requirement
Following steps to be considered -
1. Data Sources (Collecting data) – Using API/web crawlers source the EMC/EMC related data from external/internal websites
2. Data Consolidation - Streaming the data through RabbitMQ to ETL systems
3. Data Storage - Store the parsed data from ETL (GREENPLUM)
4. Data Consolidation - Use Semantria API’s, do analytics and predictions and store the predictions including time series information into GREENPLUM. 
5. Data Provisioning - should be done in order to have the users access securely
6. Data Discovery - Visualizing Data using industry standards (Tableu, R, Datawrapper, etc.)for dashboards
Example – Product level trendline, customer sentiment trendline, etc.
7. Build in Pivotal Event Processing and push notification server for real time customer notifications

Customers can have interactive reports and explore data which provides true insights with the ultimate solution which makes our Partners/Customer delighted and increase in trust/reputation of the company which inturn increases in the company's sales
1. New revenue generating opportunities across above industry sectors
2. Solution oriented product which we would be offering our customers -
a. Turn every piece of text into a profitable decision which in turn helps in productive growth
b. Text/Sentiment analytics can be done on 15 languages
c. Improvement based on Partner/Customer feedback, Automatic generation of new prospects
d. Visualization at different levels (Partner/Customer wise, sentiment wise, etc.) can be generated
e. Partner/Customer feedback across geographies
f. Real-Time Partner/Customer feedback can be seen
g. Based on the analytical result required recommendations/actions can be taken
h. Trends and other metrics
i. Predictions can be done based on the Partner/Customer inputs and propose a plan accordingly
3. EMC can venture into IOT space AKA 4th platform.
4. EHC, massive storage, backup and other cross selling and up selling opportunities.
5. Ease of implementation using existing known and proven


