Smart Grid Analytics on top of EMC Business Data Lake
Smart Grid with millions of internet-connected smart meters is an important part to build a Smart City. This idea proposes to build a smart grid analytics solution on top of EMC Business Data Lake. By analyzing these huge smart grid data, we can better predict and schedule smart grid utilization to achieve resource efficiency and eliminate waste. 
The idea comes up in a customer engagement meeting with our local smart grid company this year. They require a comprehensive solution to analyze the real-time smart meter data to predict the electricity utilization for better decision making. Currently, we work out a full-stack architecture design.
EMC has natural strengths to build the smart grid analytics solution. A comprehensive smart grid solution consists of two parts: 1) analytics infrastructure; 2) analytics platform. EMC Enterprise Hybrid Cloud (EHC) and Business Data Lake (BDL) will be the first choices for such smart grid solution. 

1. Deploy the smart grid analytics infrastructure in EHC 
    a. Data Storage: Using EMC storage to deploy HDFS and store historical smart grid data. In practice, HDFS is used to unify store all the data generated by smart grid. ViPR, ScaleIO or Isilon can conveniently deploy HDFS on them. 
    b. Computing Infrastructure: using VMware Vsphere and vCenter to fast and reliably deploy the huge analytics cluster to enable scalable and distributed computing. 
    c. Analytics Capability: deploy EMC BDL in these infrastructure to enable the capability to drive the big data analytics. 
 
2. Construct smart grid analytics platform by employing BDL
  The proposed smart grid analytics platform consists of the following logic layers: 
    a. Big data storage: HDFS (Hadoop distributed file system) to unify store the big data of smart grid. 
    b. Data ingestion: Pivotal Gemfire XD, Sping XD can be used for real-time data ingestion; Data Loader, Sqoop, Flume can be used for batch data ingestion. 
    c. Real-time data processing: Pivotal Gemfire XD and Spark have proven capability for real-time smart grid analytics. 
    d. Interactive data processing: Pivotal HAWQ
    e. Batch data processing: Pivotal Hadoop distribution: MapReduce, Hive, HBase, Pig, etc.. 
    f. Industry Analytics Algorithm Library: Pivotal MADlib, Mahout, GraphLab are all popular parallel and distributed analytics library for data mining, analytics and statistics. 
    g. Visualization of Analytics Results: Popular data visualization tools such as Highcharts, D3, RGraph can be utilized to vividly exhibit the analytics result to providers, administrators and users.

Such a solution can benefit both EMC and smart grid energy providers. 

For EMC, it will boost the sale of EMC products, such as EMC BDL, EMC storage, and also VMware infrastructure, which are necessary components needed in a smart grid analytics solution. Smart grid analytics has an extremely huge market size and is the customers’ requirements. EMC will occupy this huge market area and hence bring huge revenue opportunities. 

With the smart grid analytics solution, the energy providers can predicate the energy consumption trends, achieve energy saving, build new business service model and hence increase revenue.

