Multi-tenant traffic isolation and classification support for CloudArray product
There is no solution/means for multi-tenant traffic isolation on the front end of CloudArray. Recently CloudArray has seen a rise in their customers providing hosting services that require multi-tenancy and traffic isolation. The proposition is to solve this challenge using VMWare NSX to provide traffic isolation. EMC owns CloudArray and has an engineering expertise in NSX technologies. The solution proposed addresses a new business challenge that is emerging in managing traffic in a hosting environment. The datacenter workloads are being migrated from traditional on-prem to off-prem hybrid and public cloud services. This new way of doing business poses a new challenge which we propose to solve by leveraging NSX’s capability to manage and isolate traffic from multiple tenants and manage policies based on tenant tiers and traffic classification.
The idea evolved during internal weekly new technology brainstorming meetings. We started these meetings to discuss ongoing challenges in IP storage industry and look at new technologies/concepts that can be used to address these challenges. The idea was brought up while discussing ongoing evaluation of CloudArray technology and how leveraging NSX VxLAN overlay feature could address the ongoing challenge for CloudArray customer to be able to isolate and manage bandwidth per traffic type.
The solution proposed will leverage VMWare vswitch and VDS, VMWare NSX components to create a logical overlay network that spans across L3 subnets. This logical overlay network can be used to isolate different tenants, classify, manage bandwidth and isolate different network traffic types (NFS, SMB, iSCSI) within a tenant. This gives the hosting service providers the capability to manage bandwidth allocation across multiple tenants and traffic types. The evolution of this solution would be to incorporate VxLAN capable feature into CloudArray Hardware appliance and extend support for OpenStack solution
The solution would help hosting service providers to charge tenants based on bandwidth usage, policy and isolation requirements. It enables them to guarantee a specific level of service to their tenants and improve customer satisfaction. 
The fully integrated solution would comprise of VMWare orchestration layer that configures NSX environment to configure and manage multi-tenancy isolation and policies for hybrid cloud offerings that have CloudArray within their hosting environment. 
The solution would be a value add feature to current CloudArray ‘stock’ offering.  
