Thales: Industrial Baseline Modeling for Optimized Deployment
This submission is relevant to three challenges: Global Solutions, CTD Supportability and XtremIO. Establishing performance baselines with connections to configurations allows customers and EMC support organizations to better understand their deployment. Furthermore, data driven modeling allows for prediction based on historical, real world, behavior across EMC’s install base.
Sales Recommendation is a Prometheus application that employs utilization modeling to predict when Data Domain and Avamar systems will run out capacity using historical ASUPs. Models are currently based on individual systems, but exploratory clustering of the data has identified strong utilization trends that are linked to garbage collection and other system configuration settings.
Thales will be implemented as a service in the Prometheus Initiative (https://inside.emc.com/community/active/dpad/projects/prometheus-library) with a RESTful API designed for easy integration. EMC products with ESRS connectivity will be able to connect to the service to retrieve comparative information from Thales. Data streams will also be available for inclusion into Tableau reporting and other reporting tools.

Historical data will be derived from call home records kept in data repositories used by SYR/CLM/ECPS and the PDI group. Data will be drawn from EMC’s Business Data Lake (https://inside.emc.com/groups/business-data-lake) as it comes online.

Modeling will utilize pre-specified industry categories such as Standard Industry Classification (SIC) codes available in EMC’s SFDC instances, unsupervised learning techniques such as self-organizing maps (SOMs) for behavior pattern discovery, and SIC and SOMs in combination. The service is designed to be extensible to other categorizations and modeling techniques.

Thales will support multiple EMC products and solutions. The design also handles a variety of metrics, including capacity utilization, de-duplication ratios, IOPS, and other metrics relevant to individual products and solutions.
A successful implementation of Thales will be a robust service with a RESTful API executing in a micro-services environment. Services and products across the EMC Federation will access the service with individual system serial numbers, industry category, or site identifier and be provided with metrics and statistics for visualization in dashboards. 

Thales serves as a foundation for identifying system configurations that optimize performance or create deployment issues. The benefit will be that these system configurations are more readily discovered and implemented across the EMC install base, enhancing customer experience and offering suggestions to engineering teams for potential problems and sources of improvement.
