Let’s be SMART, it’s our future - Effectively Communicating using SMART board touch screen technology in all areas of our business.
N/A
Initially put up as a Kaizen circle idea to replace the manual white boards on the manufacturing floor. Mark Dunlea - process Engineering and Liam Walsh - Manager, IT Support Services are involved in this project.We are working with an external company at the moment on a solution and have been evaluating this for the last few weeks.All Positive feed back so far. we are hoping to put a demo together for end of july.
In short !! -  To embrace Smart Board touch screen technology on the manufacturing floor, in the offices, in the meeting rooms, in the hall ways of EMC. To be able to hold a meeting / break out session anywhere you wish, wireless setup. With the latest smart board software installed you now have the ability to communicate to everyone using live data from the EMC network or the internet and to be able to change and update this data or hold white board sessions manipulating data, then save local / to USB or email the content on to the relevant people requiring that important data anywhere at that moment. To be able to share your important meeting / power point presentation / white board session with other SMART boards / laptops / pc terminals anywhere. When not in use for meetings to use the SMART board touch screen as a customer interface for customer tours in cell areas or walk ways in EMC showcasing EMC technology videos, future products or cell/area information and to be able to schedule these presentations with the option to change content at any time from your work station or office without having to go to the SMART board itself. Customer selection buttons can set up on screen allowing the customer to interact with the SMART touch board and select viewing material. The use of this smart board touch screen with its software would reduce the amount of meeting rooms required overall in EMC and the COST of equipment to set them up. You would also save on the amount of TIME required in organising meetings. You would IMPROVE meeting productivity / promote collaboration and reduce time recording data from meetings etc. It allows REMOTE ACCESS and the ability to save and send that important data straight away and reduces the amount of paper used at meetings and so on. It would also play a part in reducing travel costs.  Allows 2D and 3D viewing of engineering drawings for discussion etc etc… It is also the WOW factor we are creating for customers; the future of technology does come from us, EMC.
All ready discussed above in the "Your Solution" section.
