PlatFun 3.0  - EMC Ireland gives back "Red nose" day & more
We address all 4 areas of the Ireland COE challenge: communications, collaboration, workplace 2.0 and future skills.
We held a meeting with a small team to brain storm ideas.
One thing that re-occurred was the need to increase collaboration across the EMC federation and utilise the skills held by all members.
From this our idea was born. 
Members are added to this submission.
We need 2 things:
1. "Redefine" and/or create a new or existing Platform/Medium/Portal/Hub/Network (i.e. Inside EMC ) using our latest technology across the Irish federation including all branches.
A simplified, user-friendly, efficient and fun platform & technology will be the foundation to display, share, collaborate on and communicate "good cause" and charity events locally.
People can promote and advertise ideas & concepts that can be joined in based on their interests and survey volunteers to present their existing stories.
This can also be used further to properly showcase departments, make connections, organise exchanges and share information and much more.

2. Create a "Big Bang" "Red nose" day event much like EMC gives back at non pressure times (early/mid quarter) using the above platform to maximise PR and participation.
Event can be a host of activities like "paint a house/school for charity", "coder-dojo school roadshow", build a website/app/software for charity or any local project that needs a helping hand.
We can use these and many more activities on social media etc. for a boost in PR across Ireland and lead the way in "Giving back".
More events and ideas will manifest by using above ideas, tools and teams across Ireland.
Success & Benefits:
Teams and likeminded pools of people across the entire EMC federation of Ireland.
Departments are much more transparent and share ideas/projects/similarities nationwide.
Saves work time and efforts as collaboration is encouraged and information exchanged.
Gain public interest from our events and actions and use it to attract and develop talent as well as good PR etc.
We have a structured yet flexible framework in place to make the above possible.
