Celebrating remote EMC offices worldwide
This initiative will give all "remote" offices the exposure they feel is not currently present in remote EMC offices. It is an idea aimed at getting EMC to be more aware of all the great things being done globally by fellow EMCers.  
This is my idea and I have tried to bring it up in casual conversation with remote employees when waiting for calls to begin. I wanted to get their true feelings on the culture of the company and the sense of being overlooked that they feel working in remote offices. 

I feel like I am doing my remote colleagues some justice with initiatives like this.
My solution:
Each office would be given the "presidency" for a week. (similar to the way the EU hands around the presidency for 6 months) In this week,the spotlight would be on this office and they would have events and information to inform the rest of EMC as to what they do and what kind of office culture they have formed as well as some of the cool things they do throughout the year (and in that week). 

The "presidency" will rotate around until all offices get a chance to showcase their events and their people to the rest of EMC. 

Inside EMC and other social platforms would makes sure to highlight the achievements/events of each office.

I have no doubt there would be a bit of healthy competition between offices to showcase how good they are. New innovative fundraising/social/office ideas are bound to come from this. This is only a good thing for EMC teams across the globe. And the GPTW campaign and employee morale would subsequently improve I have no doubt

There would be a rep from each office willing to be social advocate for his/her office. They would also help coordinate the "presidency" week and be the touch point for meetings we would have between all office reps.

Success in this project would mean a happier EMC, who respects the remote offices and celebrates the richness of culture and diversity we have in our company.
Success would also mean becoming an even greater GPTW .
