Automated data description and summarization system for the BDL 
APJ COE “Solutions Platform”: The idea suggests an improvement to BDL that can differentiate EMC’s BDL from the competitors, improve customer experience and stickiness to the platform.

Global Solutions: the idea suggests a Solution that will help EMC customers to explore, analyze and understand their data quickly and effectively. It reduces turnaround time of analytical process and helps to avoid mistaken business decisions which could be derived based on incorrect data. 
    
Durham Data Center: The idea suggests an automation that will replace manual work done in R&D labs today. It also can be used for detecting underutilized resources.
Relatively late identification of incorrect values within the data used in one of the business processes lead us to this idea. Fortunately, it was identified on time so that corresponding decisions were corrected. We performed internal evaluation of the idea. Some of the result examples can be found in the document: https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-154704
We propose a system for automatic data description and summarization to be integrated into BDL platform and automatically applied on the data stored in the BDL or retrieved by a user. The system is supposed to be based on and use the analytics applications available within BDL, such as R, Python, PostgreSQL and others. A summarized descriptive view on the analyzed data, including standard summary statistics of the data fields, incorrect data alerts and suggested correction, will be provided as an output. The proposed system comprises number of techniques for providing summary statistics and incorrect data alerts for different types of data (e.g. structured, semi-structured, graphical) and variables (e.g. numerical, categorical, and temporal). The type of the analyzed data element can be detected from its storage data type or applying an automatic values analysis. Finally a set of technics suitable for each of the analyzed data elements is applied automatically in accordance to its data type. 
See some examples for automatically identified outliers in time-series data: https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-154704)
Currently, variety of tools exists which help users in data cleaning processes, however none of them allows automatic seamless application to the query output providing a comprehensive descriptive view of the retrieved data. Thus, the innovation will make EMC a first mover in this direction. 
The main marked for this innovation are data analysts, data engineers, BI analysts, data scientists and other users of the BDL.  
Automatic data description and summarization allows avoiding a lot of manual work and providing quick initial insights into the data. This enhances analyst productivity, optimize the analysis process and reduce its turnaround time. 
Quick automatic identification of the ‘bad’ data points and alerting users right after the data extraction process can save time, money and improve user satisfaction and customer experience. 
Overall, the proposed idea is technologically simple and at the same time very valuable improvement to the BDL technology. 
