EMC Ireland - Mobile Application
The workplace of the future A.K.A "Workplace 2.0" will come to be when technology is effectively utilised to achieve communication and collaboration among employees. The proposed idea of creating a mobile application for all employees in Ireland will bring unification to the EMC Federation. This unification allows for greater knowledge, understanding, productivity and ultimately, success.
Th co-op society organised a two-hour brainstorming meeting RE the Ireland CoE challenge and this was the idea chosen to be developed further. 

A dedicated team then met up to discuss the detailed aspects of the idea and put a rough draft together pending completion. This draft was then circulated to all involved for team approval. The idea was then submitted.
A mobile application, created and monitored by EMC, should be made available to departments and employees across all the Irish offices. This app would be extended to EMC, VMWARE, VCE, Pivotal and RSA. The app could include private information (hours of work, rewards, personal info, current tasks etc.) which are only visible to the employee in question. It would have links to any information the employee already has access to (dependent on department and rank) - this increased ease-of-access to employees will save time in decision-making processes as all information can be more easily validated and targets can be more easily identified.

This app would link with the current email system so that any emails sent to/from employees are readily available and can be easily accessed by the employee. Calendar reminders for meetings and events would not be missed and so the employee would feel more comfortable with and focused on the project at hand.

This app could include an updated map of all the buildings in EMC Ireland. This map would include a "street view" where users would be able to gain a feel for where the various departments, meeting rooms, fire assembly points, canteens etc. are located onsite.

There would also be a common news feed where departments and employees could post updates RE their work. This would allow for effective collaboration between departments which is vital - especially towards end-of-quarter. This increased communication builds trust and links between each section of the business which, in turn, allows for greater productivity in cross-functional projects i.e. if everybody knows each other, less skepticism and general indecisiveness follows. Meetings will move much more swiftly and morale will increase. The general knowledge about EMC that employees and departments will gain because of this application is invaluable and the overall result of a more empowered , more connected workforce is essentially "Workplace 2.0" where efficiency, technology, communication and collaboration are key.
If successfully implemented, this application would be readily available to all EMC Federation employees in Ireland. All employees would use this app to communicate daily RE projects whether they be work-related or extra curricular (football, hurling, team nights-out etc.). Each department would be able to provide "live" updates RE projects which avoids the need to wait for weekly, monthly or even quarterly emails. A more knowledgeable, highly-skilled and motivated workforce results where communication channels are open and morale is high. More efficient use of time and energy means more time spent working on the task at hand; this leads to greater productivity. This mobile application would essentially create the workplace of the future.
