Improve Data Center Efficiency and Performance based on GPU General Parallel Computing
This idea provides a solution to improve storage efficiency with low cost. After involving GPU computing on heavy CPU utilized features, we may even reduce cost on other part since the process efficiency has been highly improved by GPU parallel computing.
This idea came out when I reviewed my previous research experience in my postgraduate period. GPU computing has a huge development potential and meanwhile it can really help to enhance storage infrastructure to embrace the "Solutions Platform" challenge. 
It can be implemented on many EMC storage family(VMAX,VNX/VNXe, etc.). First, we need one Graphic card with GPU General Parallel Computing ability(like Nvidia graphic card with CUDA) on each SP. The benefit of GPU computing is that it has compatibility with C/C++ and can be easily implemented using its API. Then, we can split the tasks of all the features into two groups, Parallelizable and Serial. When we call it Parallelizable, which means the task can be separated to many(sometimes more than one thousand) unit tasks and all unit tasks are independent. Then, for Parallelizable tasks, we initiate the data on CPU side and send it to GPU side to computing in Parallel. When computing completed, GPU will send result back and CPU can work forward. For Serial tasks, we remain it as usual, using Multi-core CPU. In these model, many significant features, which are heavy CPU utilized, could be improved by GPU parallel computing, such as Deduplication, Compression, Clone, etc. And we can also maximize Multi-core CPU capability in this model. In general, this model can improve more than 10 times efficiency for a specific computing. For the whole storage product, more than 3 times improvement is possible. We only need to add one graphic card into our storage system, which cost less than $1000 per array.

If take this opportunity, many significant features, which are heavy CPU utilized, could be improved by GPU parallel computing, such as Deduplication, Compression, Clone, etc. And we can also maximize Multi-core CPU capability in this case. In general, this case can improve more than 10 times efficiency for a specific computing. For the whole storage product, more than 3 times improvement is possible. We only need to add one graphic card into our storage system, which cost less than $1000 per array.

