Data Analysis, sharing, and Subscription
It helps to meet challenges with respect to effectively analyze and share customer/machine data in multiple data stores.
In my previous job, I have seen lot of issues with ability to have access the data received from various retailers.

Even with open source reporting tools, I didn't find comprehensive solution that provides ease of setup, no dev time, completely web UI, Ability for the end users to visualize, subscribe, search, sort, export,e-mail,and customize to their needs. 

Because of above reasons, I have tried out a quick and simple solution that addresses these issues.

 
Web UI to connect to configure multiple data sources. Data source can be RDBMS or no-SQL databases or BI tools like Business Object or Micro-strategy.

Build an SQL engine uses respective JDBC driver (Hive for big-data or vendor specifc RDBMS driver).

Web UI to configure SQL queries,stored procedures, Output fields, and Search criteria.


SQL engine generates the output in JSON. JSON format is standardized.

End-user interface developed using HTML5, Jquery, Datatables, and AJAX. Standard JSON format can be transformed & displayed on the front end.

User have an option to Export data in Excel, CSV,PDF, or can be copied to console.

User has an option to subscribe including setting up alerts & schedule the data (options like no of hours/months/years of data) and who to receive the e-mail and format.

End user interface contains options like Hide/Show certain columns, sort, search data.

Click on Charts button to view the data using Goolge Charts. Google Visulation API is used to display various kinds of charts based on the data that is displayed.


In this application UI & Logic is completely separated making it more of plug & play.


This application can be developed using spring technologies and deployed on Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Scaled. It's great fit for micro services architecture.

PCF coupled with Netflix OSS patterns can be used for deployment. Most of business logic components can be enabled for continuous deployment & delivery.


This solution is going to provide quick access to data in underlying databases in a matter of minutes. It doesn't require any code deployment and provides awesome User Interface for end users. 

This can be used to support various small to medium scale data analysis issues.They could be support issues or analyzing e-commerce databases.

Nice thing about this solution is , ability to quickly meet end user needs and ability to visualize, customize, and subscribe to the data.
