Business-Driven Automatic Configuration of EMC products in Customer Environment
E2E Horizon – End to End Business Process Challenge

By automating the process from installation to configuration of EMC products according to attributes and profile of customer productions, our solution optimizes one critical stage in the end to end business process: From the sales contract to the deployment of EMC products in customer’s production environment.

Such process optimization made by our solution is able to drive “significant productivity and business effectiveness and/or offers significant cost savings or revenue opportunity to an existing end to end business process” and to deliver “efficient, simpler, scalable business practices with clear governance and measurable achievements”.
We’ve got feedback from sales engineers that customers often have difficulties in configuring EMC products to better serve their business because of their lack of familiarity with EMC products and features.

EMC sales engineers could help customer handle such difficulties, but they have big knowledgebase of the mapping between customer production characteristics and a recommended configuration. For different customers, EMC engineers may have to go through this knowledgebase manually to find out the most typical configuration fitting specific customer’s business needs. 

So there emerges a big gap between mindset of customers and EMC engineers: Customers know their business but don’t know much about EMC products, whereas EMC engineers are experts of EMC products but know little about customer business.
A software application named “Configuration Agent” to automatically map the customer business needs to the configuration of EMC products. This Agent could be mobile app, client software, or a website portal, which have remote CLI or RPC access to EMC products to be deployed into the customer environment.

Here is the event sequence showing how it works:

0. (Prerequisite) EMC engineers help make the most general physical connection between production hosts and EMC products, e.g. VNX/VNXe arrays, RecoverPoint appliance, Data Domain appliance, etc., and leave detailed configuration jobs to the subsequent steps.

1. (Customer Action) Select the Application: The customer opens up the Configuration Agent GUI, which displays a list of popular business applications like Outlook, Exchange, Oracle, MySQL, Apache, etc. Then the customer selects the application they will run for their business.

2. (Customer Action) Specify the Attributes: After the customer selects the type of their application, say, Exchange Server, they will be asked to fill in several boxes or drop-down menus to specify the nature of their production, e.g. the number of users, the size and number of databases, how often a snapshot is needed, etc. If the customer is not sure about some of such fields, they can leave them as default values which are integrated in the agent software based on many existing successful customer use cases.

3. (Agent Action) Comparison and Mapping: The Configuration Agent compares such attributes with some predefined scenarios and profiles of existing customer use cases, and determines the optimal plan of configuration, e.g. how many tiers in a storage pool, RAID group types, how many LUNs to be created, FAST VP tiering policy, deduplication throttle, snapshot schedule, etc.

4. (Agent Action) Configuration Kick-Off: The Configuration Agent triggers the creation and configuration of all objects based on the mapping results generated by step 3 above by remote CLI or RPC calls toward all EMC products involved. This step could be optional if some customers just would like to take the output of Step 3 as reference or recommended configuration to be considered.

5. (Agent Action) Report the Result: After the objects creation and configuration are finished, the Configuration Agent reports to the customer the configuration are completed successfully with a brief summary describing how many objects (LUN or filesystem) are created and what kind of features and services are setup for them.
This solution is able to fix the gap between mindset of customers and EMC engineers by letting the customer specify some attributes of their applications and productions which they know best, and let the software capable of much more efficient and accurate searching and mapping to decide what configuration of EMC products should be used.

With this auto-config agent, customers will no longer need to spent considerable time and money on long-time and tedious preparation to get familiar with how to use EMC products because this solution is able to provide a fast, standardized, accurate, and reliable plan of what configurations will most perfectly match the customer’s productions. It will dramatically accelerate the deployment and strongly strengthen customer’s confidence on EMC products.
