Backup As a Service for SMB
Backup As a Service will surely play a new focus point for the SMB Customers for whom the primary concern is to ensure Data Protection with minimal expenditure. Very few SMB Customers want to spend on the DR Solution. We can have something in which an SMB Customer can ensure a healthy Backup DR with minimal Captial expenditure.
I was looking for presales in Backup for  my last firm. There I used to get these types of requests. Since then it was running in my mind that why does a customer needs to buy a complete solution for just backing up 50-100 GB of Databases. Why cant we have something which can help customers with the backup their data on some remote site and charge only for what they use or store on cloud.
My Solution includes providing "Backup up As A Service" as a part of EHC Offering where a customer looking for Backing up their Server can deploy a modified Avamar OVF Template which is unlike VDP appliance(being offered as a part of VMware for backup of VM's) but has capability to backup the Virtual as well as Physical Infrastructure. We then configure the Backups and Backup automatically travels over the WAN to EHC in encrypted form. This would help customer to ensure that his data is being protected at the EHC. Since deduplication is in place the first sync would take some time as first full backup will have lot of data but the subsequent backups would take place with low bandwidth Utilization. Apart from this we can keep latest 10 versions of Backup at Customer Site so that if customer needs a latest recovery he dont need to depend on EHC for complete recovery. 
This would help a SMB Customer to get a complete backup solution with DR capabilities by paying only for what he stores at EHC. 
This idea if Implemented it would have a great impact on the SMB customers who constantly strive with the IT Budget to get things on place. Since Backup is one of the Key Area for the customers and without having much investments on Tape Movements and other Management tasks they would get a complete Backup Solution with DR.


