ViPR as a PaaS (Cloud Foundry) Service
We propose an advanced storage solution for popular PaaS system in which the Cloud Foundry is as representative. Our proposal is a solution which is proactively notification, high available, manageable for platform administrator, as well as featured for application developers and big data analyst.
We are using Cloud Foundry and provided it to our real customers for a long time. And we met a lot of requirements of providing either a local storage or a shared storage for applications. Especially, we co-work with our big data analytics team in a project, some requirements are come from them for running data mining job in Cloud Foundry. How can we provide some advanced capabilities for these job, and can we also provide a portal for manage the underlay storage for some scientific calculation? We believe ViPR as a Cloud Foundry service is good solution.
A productional storage solution should be provided by a mature product. My solution is wrapped ViPR as a service in Cloud Foundry and opened for application developers in the platform, which also provided the powerful management capabilities for administrators. 

As mentioned above, data anlytic and data mining jobs, which are become more popular use cases in Cloud Foundry. These kinds of jobs heavily dependent with the storage services provided by platform. It is desperately needed a enterprise-ready storage services emerging in Cloud Foundry platform. One of the difficulties of providing storage services in PaaS, is how to provide an effecient multi-tenant management. However, ViPR is born to support multi-tenant management, which is necessary for PaaS use cases. What is more, there have been a lot of data services build around ViPR, we can leverage them to provide value-add services for developers. One of the example is exposing object store for application developers, which suitable for image/pictures store. If we are provided SDS services for UI-ready deployment of Cloud Foundry, such as Pivotal Cloud Foundry, we can also directly provided a customised user interfaces based on ViPR controller.

Besides the benefits for application developers, the platform administrator also benefit a lot for the advanced management capabilities provided by ViPR controller. As a administrator, one key concern is how to get in time notification when emergent issues happen? Cloud Foundry is provided a lot of notification mechanism by community, such as email, SMS, twitter and more. The SDS services we provided can fully leverage these mechanisms for notification. How to keep platform administrator get notified for high priority actions is another big requirement. We can define a action notification list, then leverage the notification mechanisms to provides vary grade notification. In a word, platform administrator can get all the management benefit from what already very powerful capabilities of ViPR.
We define the success of this idea is provided a service based on ViPR with Service Broker mechanism, which application developer can use directly. And the ViPR itself can be also managed by ViPR Controller. The benefit of the idea is win-win: Cloud Foundry get a powerful service backend for both platform administrator and developers; ViPR get a very good promotion in open source community.  
