Create a Website to monitor the real time  progress and development of a new Joinee
This idea will help in setting up a process where in we can track the skillset of a new joinee at any given point of time in regards the Skills that are needed and compare them with the skills acquired. All the new Joinees (Mentees) can be assigned a Mentor. The progress can be tracked by the New Joinees themselves, their mentors and their line managers any time and propose the changes
I as a mentor was assigned a mentee and i was finding it difficult to track the real time progress of the mentee. At the same time, Mentee was also finding it difficult as to what she needs to do in order to get upto speed to work on high severity customer issues. So we both thought of an idea to make this website where all these challenges can be addressed.
We can create a site that tracks real time progress of a new joinee in terms of what trainings were assigned and how many trainings have been completed. Site can track different skillsets the new engineer needs to acquire and different skillsets he as acquired over a period of time.
From a trainee Perspective:
When a GSAP or a new engineer joins a team, She/he will be assigned a set of trainings and will be provided with different paths by the trainer/Mentor. But it is important even from a trainee perspective that he/she should know where they stand in order to improve. These trainings will have certain set of quizzes/tests which he/she will have to take post which they can see where they stand and even have them understand how many more steps they need to take in order to get the process right. This can also have trainings provided by the trainer or the mentor assigned where they can rate the new engineer. Also this can process an understanding of the product and the team as to a clear picture of the process for the new joiner. This should be followed until the shadow process and picking of initial cases where the mentor can go and provide the rating for the trainee and the trainee can learn from it. Also the GSAP or the new joiner should be able to rate the trainee for the help provided so that both of their hard work could be recognized.

The real time progress of the mentees can be tracked by Mentees themselves, Mentors and the line managers.
