RSA and the IoT – An Inexpensive, Rock-Solid Approach to Consumer Security
The number of connected devices in our lives is exploding. From smart watches to smart light bulbs, more and more of the world around us is online. Unfortunately, security is often a last thought, if a thought at all, when these devices are built. So, how do we bring security to the Internet of Things?
The idea stems from a paper written titled “Introducing GRACE 2020 – A Cloud Computing Blueprint” by Bruce Yellin for the 2012 EMC Proven Professional Knowledge Sharing Contest, for which it won a Best Of Cloud Computing award. It is based on where technology is going in the next 8 years.  User security is poor and will remain so until a better way comes to the market. By leveraging work done by the FBI, scientists like Dr. Jonathan Rothberg, and RSA technology, a breakthrough in security is very possible – and a new market for EMC.
Suppose you had a standard RSA on/off button or “RSA security button” built into a device, similar to the ($5) fingerprint detector on an iPhone. Further suppose that the RSA button could help provide air-tight identity identification on your laptop, tablet, smart phone or other computing device, or allow you access to private or public cloud sites, ATMs, and other systems that required secure access. Instead of just turning the device on or off, or requiring that you use a two-factor identification token, it could also prove that you are who you claim to be or enhance existing security of login/passwords and RSA two-factor authentication. 

RSA use case examples: 
1.	In the healthcare sector we need to introduce a new way to protect the patient data. This could also provide a check to ensure a doctor is matching the correct chart and data with each patient. 
2.	In the personal finance sector, security beyond the iPhone fingerprint reader to offer solid RSA authentication for people using their smartphone in place of a credit card for in-store purchases

Behind the scenes, TOUCH DNA leverages the work done by federal customs agents who encode it on everyone’s passport. Modeled after the algorithms employed by the FBI’s CODIS (Combined DNA Index System) database, security scientists leveraged the STR (Short Tandem Repeats) Loci (different data points)  to create that third unique authentication factor. For identification purposes, you don’t need to examine the entire 3 billion base pair DNA, just 13 chromosomes repeated at multiple locations in a DNA string. This let you know if two STR’s were from the same person.  This is a key part of the TOUCH DNA idea – you don’t need to determine who the user is, but instead test to see if the person is who they say they are – a much simpler computer problem. The technology to do this exists today and in the near-term.

The idea removes safe computing obstacles such as unreliable, insecure passwords. Allows users to never again have to worry about security. And it creates a brand new significant revenue stream for RSA and EMC.


For example, the owner of the car has an RSA SecurID token is embedded in their physical key or in software on their smartphone. When they approach their car, they enter their personal pin code into the car door’s pad. A thief would be unable to duplicate the key, and even if they stole the owner’s keys, they would not know the owner’s personal pin code. The notion of a physical key may be reassuring to the owner, but it could be a Bluetooth or near-field communication NFC token.
The idea will put EMC a step forward in the market. It will enhance the security of the new challenges of the IoT and the massive amount of data that will be produced in the near future.
