The nGIN- Next Generation Innovation Engine
EMC’s Israel Center of Excellence is chartered with driving innovation. Our vision is to stimulate innovation across EMC both in Israel and globally, relying on our High Potential population. We are committed to developing the Tech HiPo population so they become Innovation Leaders and Innovation Agents within their respective Business Units, COE and the greater EMC. After a very successful inaugural nGIN program during 2014- 2015, we now want to focus on our female top talent aiming to develop their innovative capabilities directly impacting  EMC's diverse workforce. 
Most companies have wide portfolio of managerial development program but are struggling with offering development programs for their technical population and are facing even bigger challenge  developing tech leaders.
we strongly believe that after one round of the nGIN program at the Israel COE we can grow to the next phase of tailor-made the program and offer this to women tech hipos in Israel as well as across EMEA.
nGIN is a unique program specially designed to address EMC strategy promoting synergies and innovation on the best  Israeli environment of the Start Up Nation!
The idea of developing such a unique program was born during the annual process of training needs analysis led by our L&D function to meet the business need of increasing the number of people that are involved in innovation projects . We developed a proposal to the COE management team and after a few very productive discussions we got the management team commitment and engagement to implement this experimental program. The program was launched on December 2014 with 25 selected tech hipos from all BUs operating in Israel including our Sales and Services team.
Program design phase was led by the local L&D manager, Vered Atzmon and delivery phase was led by her replacement Yael Sagy.
The nGIN program is designed to equip best tech leaders with action-learning methodologies and provide them with a deep understanding and insights into EMC’s global, techno-business ecosystem.
The program's modules are predicated upon 3 fundamental axes: understanding the ecosystem, managing innovation and developing innovation leadership skills. To enrich the theme, inspire ideation and foster debate, we bring together content experts from the academia, industry, global EMC, as well as innovation process experts. 
PROGRAM'S GOALS:
1.Offer our Tech HiPo population a uniquely enriching program for their personal development through exposure to prominent internal and external innovation leaders. 
2.Empower innovation agents by enhancing their personal confidence, skills and role perception as innovation leaders. 
3.Strengthen the innovation agents’ skills to influence and lead innovation processes and deliverables, from idea to realization.


Our vision to have nGIN program as part of EMC defined training portfolio and enlarge the scope to be regional across EMEA creating an even bigger impact on a diverse group of learners.
The program can be scalable by creating virtual learning groups and adjust training methodologies. Collaboration by people from different parts of the business and from different countries and cultures will enable unique learning experiences that will serve as a model of work for participants to implement at their day to day EMC environment.
Developing our top tech talent focusing on women will increase productivity and boost innovation in everything we do as a company.
EMC can become a greater place to work encouraging women to take the lead!
Success criteria would be-
% of women at our engineering and technical teams 
% of patents by women
% of women participation at EMC Innovation Roadmap
