Ideas Driving The Future Of Innovation
The challenge, and opportunity, that faces most senior leaders is prepare for a new chapter of competition by infusing new skills, new tools, new management models, and new faces into the business.
How hard the burden had become – in the sense that change was an everyday occupation and that made it hard to take a more strategic view.
At the heart of all this is a struggle with the idea of core competency. 
This is a genereric idea which should help our organization to grow techniaclly and strtegically ahead of others.
==>The Fluid Core:In place of a rigid “core competency” smart companies now define a fluid core that allows them to adapt to new strategic priorities, primarily the need to seek out new markets and opportunities. That’s what Google is doing with Glass.
==>The new service infrastructure:This is where cloud and mobile enable rapid new service development and new innovation paradigms. Cloud and mobile (and also peer-to-peer networks) enable us to do miraculous things like move massive amounts of data around at the press of a button, free – see BitTorrent’s new Sync App for iOS). 
==>Radical adjacency:We call the pursuit of new products and new markets radical adjacency — the powerful strategies that adventurous companies develop to dominate or capture markets where they have little or no prior experience. Increasingly companies will find that they have to acquire skills across hardware, software, service and communications (and hence data) to innovate at industrial convergence points, like medical and mobile or display and advertising.
==>Personal innovation drivers:Sitting above the service infrastructure in the new hierarchy are human innovation drivers. We tend to leave them out when we think of what actually drives novelty. But today, human desire to do things differently makes an impact.
Look at trends such as bring your own device (BYOD) that express personal  empowerment through technology. They disrupt systems and organizational expectations. The consumerization of technology – it’s only just entered its first phase. 

==>Externalization:Companies need to shift the burden of management and scale on to their ecosystems. Forbes has done it with its writers – the majority of whom are no longer members of the Forbes staff. Giga Om has done it with its analyst network. Smart companies see the decline of employment as an asset – though they need to do more to make their ecosystems great places for the small player to do business. There’s a way to go with it. However, externalizing core processes is an essential element of scale.
In this new environment, companies go outside their walls for functions that are absolutely central to their identity and success.

==>Strategic options portfolios:We need a lot of work, long term, on strategic options thinking. We mean by it that companies need to plan a wide range of innovations knowing that a chunk of them won’t be enacted. Having options also seems to be what the stock market now wants – witness Amazon and Google.
Enhance productivity. Improve a technology. Make money etc.
