Track of Product/Services
As being a part of Professional services team , I feel there is a lack of a trace tool for customer where in he can trace from the time he purchased his order (Product/services)to the order delivered and after that continuing with when is what scheduled for customer. Who and all are the person responsible and some brief about the engineers involved. Some what like in Flipkart web tool or atleast like emc SR support tool where customer can trace all about his issue raised. Similarily if we keep a tracking tool for customer as to show where about of the product/service customer purchased would feel EMC customer more happier, comfortable and confident to proceed with EMC.
I was a part of EMC customer datacenter team before joining back to EMC , have seen frustration in Customer before going for meeting to understand present state of the delivery of products/service they purchase. I have seen frustration in EMC customer trying to gather information calling local PM or regional sale reps or calling customer care etc. Was indirectly part of PWC US datacenter team , so have seen this facts and failures from EMC front on field . This is just from one customer point of view and EMC has huge number of customers, so on an approx. if we calculate per customer one complain we can imagine the huge numbers coming in for query, complains and dissatisfaction with every purchase from each customer. 
Need to create a tool which would trace there and present the purchase orders of customer in more graphical manner and showing details about schedule and engineers involved with it with brief summary, So whenever customer is going for their internal meeting they don't need to call, mail or create SR to know details about where about of the product/service customer purchases
Creating a tool with a cool GIU interface with more likely icons and animation with pictures etc would please customer to proceed with more future relationships with EMC. Meanwhile it would also reduce EMC employee work as many time customer call support to get details or local Sales rep or PM etc. So a tool of this kind would reduce tension for all customer as well as employees. Huge numbers of enquiry calls would reduce making everyone life easier.
