XtremIO more than just IOP's ?
Explain and show customers physical and real examples on guided tours of how XtremIO is not just a IOP's operating at sub milli second latency system and is capable of so much more
Was on a manufacturing tour and the guide only commented on the IOP's performance and none of the other features of XtremIO and saw a field engineer carry out a FAI on a 6 brick MVT cab and make use of the XtremIO GUI. Requested a password for the XtremeIO GUI so I could trial it but was denied the password



On guided manufacturing tours show working examples of a X I/O systems in operation compared to a competitor. (Actually see the product in action)


Show case 

Its VDI capabilities, show actually working VDI's, or showcase the ESX with its VXMs set up on the tester.

How by adding more X-Bricks on its internal RDMA fabric and globally shared memory. There is no single point of failure as the cluster expands. Have a beast cab showcasing this

How all applications benefit from the entire performance potential of the cluster all the time. Open the XtremIO GUI of a server while in action.

XtremIO provides the highest usable capacity- over 80% of raw capacity. Open the XtremIO GUI of a server while in action 

XtremIO was organically designed for flash, everything is elegantly efficient-  capacity, consistent performance, copy services, power, heat, rack space, management, and serviceability. Show power usage, rack in an actual data centre, temperature gauge at back of cab

XtremIO was designed to systematically eliminate unnecessary writes eliminating write-heavy workloads which short and unpredictable flash lifespans, show lifespan of drives in XtremIO systems

Allow the customer to touch a brick, put it together, pull it apart, dial into a node, see it on test and how we use the product to also test itself 



Look like
It would be a customer demo tester along with a single brick and a beast cab with the XtremIO GUI open on the screen (No cost, already in manufacturing area)

Two UPS, two IB switches, two servers, a DAE and the cables on a desk where a customer can touch and assemble a brick themselves (No cost, already in manufacturing area)

The XtremIO manufacturing cell with a Tester's screen viewable by a customer allowing them see all the steps carried out by our scripts and a capable TGL who can explain the scripts (No cost, already in manufacturing area)

Working examples of the XtremIO product in use in our data centres (No cost, already in building)

Success
See how many new customers taking the old tour can remember anymore about X IO other than IOP's performance

Then compare them to customers who take the new tour show casing all the other features of X IO along with working examples

Will improve an already impressive total customer experience that EMC proves
