Establishing Trustworthiness in the Chaos of Identities
The submitted idea suggests a new process to provide trustworthiness assessment for connected "things" (IoT). It addresses the challenge of insufficient authentication and authorization methods in the IoT area that has high impact on IoT security  
The idea came up a few months ago while thinking how we can provide an on-going risk assessment for identities that are not necessarily humans.
The following innovation suggests a new method that (potentially) addresses this crisis. This method is based on a continuous assessment of a “thing” reputation using two important factors:
1. Continuous monitoring of the “thing” behavior with relation to itself and to a group of similar “things”. For example, if a “thing” such as a smart sensor behaves different than usual or very differently than all other smart sensors its reputation will go down.
2. Reputation of other “things” that communicates with the “thing”. For example, if a “thing” is regularly communicated by other “things” with high reputation, its reputation will go up. 
A similar approach in a different area is taken by Google in its webpages ranking algorithm that consists of both the content of the page (TF-IDF or similar algorithms) and the rank of webpages that have a link to this webpage (PageRank algorithm). In an analogy to the logic that claims that an important webpage is a webpage that other important webpages point to, we claim that a trustful “thing” is a “thing” that other trustful “things” communicate with.
In this innovation, we plan to build a simulator that will simulate the environment of multiple physical and virtual identities that communicates with each other. We will adjust RSA identity behavioral monitoring algorithm (Time-based Anomaly Detection model) to be able to deal not only with human behavior but also with general “things” behavior. We will than develop “TrustRank” algorithm (based on PageRank”) and using the simulator we will prove that the combination of behavioral analytics and TrustRank provides a good ranking of trustworthiness of “things”.
By the end of this project we will have a software library that, once implemented in the right architecture, can be used to monitor Identities of Things (IDoT) either inside an enterprise (routers, printers, smart TV, set-top boxes, etc.) or at home or at any other physical or virtual place. It can also be integrated or extend RSA offer in IAM market for managing all identities in the enterprise and not only employees 
