OnRack Bootstrap for OnRack Cluster
OnRack is a powerful system to manage and orchestrate hardware elements in data center. We propose a "fool-style" mechanism to initial a new data center with OnRack management, or introduce OnRack to manage a existed data center. 
CTO Office and GHE team have a long collaboration on how to build, manage a converged infrastructure system. We have some trials on Management and Orchestration area before. One of our headache is how to from zero to one in a real data center with a lot of restriction, like network, configuration and etc. And recently, we are working on some innovative project on Raspberry Pi, and suddenly find if we can change the environment of the data centre, how about we bring as many things into the data centre which will be the same as we tested outside the lab? Can Raspberry Pi is a good choice for this case? Economical, and powerful enough to bootstrap, easy to bring. So we try to put the OnRack into it.
Our solution is using OnRack to bootstrap OnRack cluster. As we all know, one of key feature of OnRack is deployment, so why cannot deploy a full OnRack cluster with a small, one node based OnRack? What is more, this bootstrap can be used to scale in/out the OnRack cluster according to the data center size change. 

One of the implementation is burn the OnRack with OS in a microSD card, as well as the job scripts and images to initial OnRack cluster. And use it to boot a Raspberry Pi. So this Raspberry will become a bootstrap machine for OnRack. Because OnRack is based on PXE/iPXE boot, so we bring this Raspberry to the data center and plug it to the switch, it can discovery the hardware elements, then install a full OnRack cluster. All dependencies and image can be burn to the microSD card, which means our solution does not require external network environment. 

Raspberry Pi is one of the solution, which make us can start from scratch. But it does not mean our solution dependent with Raspberry Pi. The key is the image we burned OnRack software, Operating System, Job scripts, base images, and dependent packages. In another case, say we are plan to use OnRack to provision hardware simulator in our EXSi server, we can use boot a virtual machine in a same VLAN with this image. This virtual machine we boot is the bootstrap for a OnRack cluster. Even more, according to the detail design of OnRack, if there is no agent or agent can be installed in with some mechanism, like “micro-kernel” in Razor. To management a small cluster machines for hardware simulators, we do not need to install a full cluster of OnRack, instead we use the bootstrap directly. 
A success implement can be defined to a Raspberry Pi box with OnRack, which can bring into a data center to install a full cluster of OnRack system. What is more, the image can be used to boot a virtual machine in EXSi server as a bootstrap machine. The benifit is, we can promote OnRack system, make it easy to install, deploy no matter in the real data center, but also our dairy development work.
