Rapid Iterative Development Environment (RIDE)
This ideas is related to 'Durham Data Center Elastic Lab Challenge'. It reduces the needs of manual work in R&D labs, central pool for sharing virtual equipment, reduces the amount of hardware needed for lab, shares network at different topology.
To address this volatile environment problem, we came up with better solution by creating a dev. lab environment and run vCloud Director ( or vCD) to manage the lab. This dev. lab has around 4 physical hosts ( ESXi ) clustered in vCenter and managed by vCD. The beauty of vCD lies on networking & templates. It allows your to create internal network which is visible in vApp only, and the external network to connect to outside world. 
RIDE is to create a vApp which contains VM's in it and build communication between VM's with internal network. This doesn't need any external network ip4 allocation which will save lot of ip-allocation and DNS records needed. We add external network to only the VM's needed for outside network. Once the vApp is up and running successfully then shutdown and create a vApp Template. This template can be used by other developers to deploy the vApp get a working environment with in 30 minutes.
To deliver projects on schedule and on budget, we need a better environment which is stable and flexible to support project needs. RIDE provides a concept of preserving stable environment and flexible to enhance the stable environment as per project requirement. It is fully automated from allocation resources, provision vApp in no time, and deallocate resource when not needed.  
vCloud Director (or  vCD) provides a better handle on allocating resources like storage, network and memory whenever needed. Once the physical lab is setup with resources and connected to vCloud Director, then all VM's day 2 operations like powerOn, powerOff, remote console, and so on are handled virtually (as a remote control). Over and under utilization, and deallocation of resources is handled by vCD by providing usage report and alerting with events/warnings when needed. 
Now with this vApp Template, you can create a new one and bring up the environment in less than 30 minutes.  Well, isn't that Awesome.? This is huge improvement in different areas like development, testing, demoing and access to remote team members. As new requirements come in to work on different versions and different products.. we can tweak the vApp accordingly and create a vApp template of it. RIDE lab environment evolved more with multiple templates supporting each and every requirement in no time.

