Residency Renewal Sales Process Improvement
The Residency End Date Report is designed to predict when residency projects will run out of funding, drive more informed planning of residency renewal opportunities and improve transparency for our customers. This arms sales teams with information to ext
A prototype of the Residency End Date Report was developed over the past year within the GE Services global account team (Matt Uvena, Alex Wolf, Shaun Quirk). It has been in practice and shared with GE LOB customers on a monthly basis since Jan 2015. We are currently in the process of a limited pilot test with other global account teams and Residency Solution Principals.
The Residency End Date Report pulls residency resources’ timecard data from Propel and makes it actionable for renewal sales conversations. This kind of residency end date forecasting is currently handled by project managers doing tons of manual and potentially inaccurate progress tracking. CSDs, Residency SPs and other services sales reps get caught up in facilitating requests for customer updates and in the end only provide customers with an email of an end date without showing any data visuals supporting work performed down to the individual resource. 
The Residency End Date is a highly visual display of our work performed and comes directly from an accurate data source. This report could be updated automatically saving plenty of time in a manual process and cutting out room for sharing incorrect-information with customers. One potential expansion would be integrating this report in Salesforce.com so it becomes embedded as part of the renewal opportunity management. Another development would be an option to distribute this dashboard to customers with one-click. 
We’ve already realized success within the GE global account team using the prototype of this report to improve residency renewals and the customer experience. Institutionalizing this process will drive increased residency renewal sales at the theater or g
