Redefine Office Assistant: EMCGenie
This is an idea to create a more robust, effective and efficient user interface for Hybrid Cloud deployed by EMC. The technical challenge lies in creating a search  engine that will work across hybrid clouds (POC already available in many scholar articles). This will  enhance user experience and reduce overhead time for information search. The novelty of this idea is about the  user interface and connecting different clouds in terms of search engine.
I got this idea sitting at my desk, when I was struggling with issues having thousands of lines of codes with technologies that I didn't understand, and internal policies that I didn't remember and industry standards that I didn't read before. Yet I had to deliver it and I had to browse the finite set of portals with infinite number of contents. I missed something like EMCGenie in these cases. Not once but so many times.

Do you remember Clippy? That old friend who used to come just the moment we had opened Microsoft Word. He looks like a paperclip with smiling face and big eyes. He used to talk a lot. He used to try to help us for whatever we did. Clippy had cousins like an animated dog, an animated alchemist and few more. They had a formal name "Microsoft office assistant". 
Yes.... I am suggesting an animated character like that. Let us call it 'EMCGenie'.
EMCGenie can help the developers in different ways. How about it, if we get answer to all my questions from him?
The functions of EMCGenie includes but NOT limited to :
1. it will search data if you are looking for anything. I said anything. Be it a JIRA ticket number, or an SR number or a perforce location or a contact from outlook, you just click on the Genie and ask him. It will show you the search results in a webpage- structured and categorized, even  personalized.

2. You are writing a java code and forgot the exact syntax while typing. EMCGenie will pop out and tell you "Hey are you looking for this syntax?" or You forgot to put a semicolon, EMCGenie will tell you that you missed it.

3. You can ask for other personalized suggestions that can be accessed through your personal data residing in public cloud (google, facebook etc)

4. It will integrate Google Now, calendar from your mobile app and your Outlook calendar all in a single application. So you will not miss a single event. 

5. After you are sitting in front of your computer for long hours, it will suggest you to have a coffee and take a walk

6. Of course it can play tic-tac-toe with you

EMCGenie  is not limited just to these. Using the capabilities of hybrid cloud we, who define EMC, can make it much more interesting for ourselves.
Apparently it is a resurrection of Microsoft Office Assistant. But internally EMCGenie is markedly different.
1. It will be a separate desktop application or a mobile app.
2. It will synchronize between different cloud and different domains.
3. Advancement of cloud demands this application.

What makes it unique? it's not unique, it's just something that the market needs at the moment. I have not seen any such tool for integrating the enterprise hybrid cloud.


This is going to be a desktop application or a mobile app. It would look like an animated icon.

If it is implemented, 
1. Customer satisfaction or employee experience will be much better
2. It will reduce overhead time to search for the proper informatio
