A Hardware-based data security Head/Interceptor for mission specific data pattern applications
GPE was interested in the following-
Algorithms that map to common applications that can be accelerated on HW offload engines in a CI environment.

RSA was interested in the following-
how do we bring security to the Internet of Things?


After the Sony stolen data fiasco, close on the heels of other well published accounts of data being stolen from Target, Home Depot and countless others it became apparent to me that there is no real security that relies solely on software techniques. It is an illusion. Even the U.S government, and Defense department have had their data stolen. It appears there never has been and never will be reliable security that is based entirely on Software. I started to think about how if hardware took over some of the security restrictions in some situations that it would truly be able to lock down access to the bare minimum requirements so that the data is much more inaccessible and invincible to traditional hacking methods. 
A Hardware based security mechanism would mean a solution that can not be accessed or compromised via traditional hacking techniques. Most likely the main remaining risk would require having physical accessibility to the data array, a comparatively almost infinitesimal risk. Up until now the emphasis has been almost entirely on Software configure-ability for every solution, application, or feature for obvious reasons in convenience and flexibility. My proposal is to almost counter-intuitively balance that doctrine with hardware based security solutions as an alternative or supplemental approach for well defined specific customer applications that involve a highly unacceptable risk of data theft. 
It would most likely be an add-on hardware rack product (1U), or possibly an FPGA/ASIC chip that could be designed into future data movers and engines, that provides the capability to restrict access and traffic patterns to and from the drive array to a set of pre-determined set of customer specific rules (Read only, Write Only, fixed data length access, call/response that must meet certain patterns etc). This feature would make EMC products have a competitive advantage over competitors products because of our ability to almost guarantee the data can not be hacked, stolen, or subject to other security violations and could be a major selling point to many types of customers well aware of the challenges protecting consumer and sensitive data via software only mechanisms which have proven to be unreliable for many retail, government, and other corporations.
