Diversity Innovation Framework
In a world where innovation is global, multidisciplinary and open, you need to bring different minds and different perspectives together to discover new solutions to long-standing problems. Tap in the world of Internal Crowd sourcing to collaborate & innovate.
In the past, individuals have generated ideas on their own or within their independent teams. The winning ideas remain un-implemented due to a lack of skillset or time on the part of the idea owner.

The solution is to involve a broader base of EMC employees across the globe in the idea generation process to get creative, innovative ideas and run the winning idea as an internal crowd sourcing project.
Our proposal would foster innovation beyond geography, cross functional teams, gender and ethnicity.

Use an Internal Crowd Sourcing Method to tap into the potential of 60K EMC employees and unleash their creativity by bringing together diverse thoughts & ideas. This is how the process would work:

1. Post a Challenge that is well understood by the crowd.
2. Employees will subscribe to challenges they are interested in. 
3. Diversity Engine creates teams based on diversity factors given below from the pool of subscribed innovators.
            a.	Geography
            b.	Business Units
            c.	Skillsets
            d.	Gender
            e.	Years of Experience
            f.	Age
            g.	Hierarchy
            h.	Ethnicity
            i.	Industry Experience
            j.	Success rate of Individual in Past Challenges
            k.	Rating by previous team mates 

4. Team gets invited to Virtual Collaboration space.
5. Team brainstorms and submits ideas.
6. Sponsors review & select 3 Finalist Teams and tool notifies them.
7. 3 Finalists present their ideas.
8. Sponsors select the Winning idea.
9. Team tags the technology stack & resource requirements needed to implement the idea.
10. Diversity engine uses Inside EMC profiles to build execution team based on the tags associated with the winning idea & notifies the proposed team.
11. Interested Individuals can then sign up for the project.
12. Team gets invited to Virtual Collaboration space.
13. Project Team implements the prototype and demonstrates the solution.
14. Idea creation & Execution team gets awarded.

Foundational Requirements:

1. Intranet portal supporting collaboration with profiles for all employees stored (Inside EMC). Employee profile to include above diversity criteria.
2. Mobile app around the portal allowing challenges to be reviewed, signed up for, collaborate and much more.
3. Mobile Push Notifications to announce the challenge & winners.
4. Strong analytics to look at trending of ideas, success rate and team diversity strength over time to tweak diversity engine as necessary.

Additional Details on the idea is documented in a presentation at:
https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155706 


Idea Unique:

Innovation processes is becoming progressively more open, and companies like EMC have to explore several new paths when selecting their innovation strategy. Crowd sourcing is a new type of open innovation that companies are increasingly adopting. Internal crowd sourcing is all about extending problem-solving to a large and diverse group of self-selected contributors.


References used:

https://hbr.org/2013/04/using-the-crowd-as-an-innovation-partner/
http://www.boardofinnovation.com/list-open-innovation-crowdsourcing-examples/
http://atfortytwo.com/2014/06/23/open-innovation-internal-crowdsourcing-chaos-or-opportunity/


We have implemented similar framework in our global team and is working very well.

Benefits:
1.  Corporate knowledge and creativity is harnessed within the company. 
2.  The reward is less financial and more reputational as employees seek personal fulfillment more than monetary incentives.
3.  Crowdsourcing promotes collaboration & employee engagement across the board.
4.  Underutilized resources collaborate to aggregate innovation insights.
5.  An agile informal innovation department ideates unbound by hierarchy or position.
6.  Open Innovation + Internal Crowd sourcing = Opportunity!
