Cyber Probe - Novel technique for malware detection using Machine-Learning algorithms in mass-scale fashion
A Cyber-Security product which leverage Big-Data technologies and machine-learning algorithms in mass-scale fashion.

Cyber Probe is the ultimate network monitor and Application Analyzer to monitor network traffic in real-time to help you find malicious malware on infected assets (devices/IoT, PCs, Servers, mobile phones, etc) within the organization.
The idea is based on our work history and unique expertise in the field of sophisticated traffic classification engines to classify applications which make use of encrypted traffic and obfuscation techniques in order to abuse Internet Service Providers networks.

It come to our mind when realizing the huge potential of this technology if leveraged and combined into Security and Cyber defense products.

We have conducted a few offline discussions with Security experts who acknowledged the huge potential.

We suggest profiling network behavior of the application as a measure on whether it is genuine or not.

https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155669

The idea is to collect real time traffic generated by applications (files) on the different computers seen over the network (internal to the organization and in the future by correlating with other organizations).

A central service would create a baseline network behavior for each unique filename by extracting statistical information as well as finding common patterns. When a file on a specific computer is analyzed, the behavior of that specific file on that specific machine can be compared to the baseline behavior of files with the same name. This can be used to assess the probability that the file is malware - a genuine application would match this behavior closely while malware will tend to diverge from the common behavior.

The probability can be used to create alerts, provide visualization of infection patterns and integrated with other data to provide an overall risk assessment.

The product of course can act on any type of traffic regardless if it is encrypted or not.
Integration with other RSA products to provide best in class cyber defense solution thereby promoting an “RSA stack”. Increasing market share, making more money.
Aligns with RSA 2.0 strategy.
Create positive collateral effect on RSA reputation.
Contribution for EMC sales around Big-Data technologies and storage.
