Rooms of the Future
Creating the Workplace of the future and showcasing EMC as an employer of the choice for new talent by introducing modern meeting rooms, making them hotbeds of creativity and practical places to cater for all requirements
Co-op brainstorming Session/ influenced by modern corporate movements towards employee motivation, comfort and fostering creativity 
We suggest "Rooms of the Future" to be designed as themed rooms (i.e. White Room, Music Room, Nature Room, Library Room, Star Trek Room, Silent Room) where each room would be designed in its own way. The rooms would offer a "home feel" where couches, books, vinyl players and other accessories would be positioned to offer a unique experience. Rooms could be booked only for certain times, but in general they would be free for anyone to use. Aim is to offer pleasant place where people can break away to and use for any purpose. 
Innovation/Nexus room (Ovens campus) is a great example how an interesting interior design affects peoples attitude towards work. People have a complete different and comfortable experience when attending a session in this room. Rooms of the future offer an ability to recreate the same feeling of being in the Innovation Room all across the campus. 
Opportunity for further collaboration and unity is to allow each BU to sponsor a room and have their team come up with the design of the room which will be situated in their department. 
Therefore this should not cost a huge amount of money. In fact it could become a team building exercise for BU to transform or design new meetings rooms of the future

Employees will be able to rest from work and therefore be fresh and motivated. It has been proven that creativity is fostered in relaxed environment, which is exactly what this idea is trying to achieve. Each person spends at least 8 hours at work and is in need to blow off steam in their own way. Themed rooms offer each a person a unique experience so they can fill their batteries, partake in a non-work activity or have full work related discussion in comfortable privacy. 
