Towards smart Electricity consumption to save cost and avoid power cut problem using IoT and Data Science approaches.
Our innovation idea combines IOT technology, Data science and EMC storage products to increase efficiency and to reduce costs and failures of energy consumption.
As electricity consumers, we witness the consequences of unbalanced electricity usage. In Israel alone, a severe winter storm has disconnected thousands of families from electricity in 2013, causing both financial damages and death toll. 
Information feedbacks delivered via technology has been reported to produce significant declines in residential resources consumption. However, those feedbacks usually based solely on general consumption of the user, without considering important factors such as similar consumers and what devices the consumer was using. 

Our innovation idea aims at diffuse power consumption by using real-time data, collected via sensors, that’ll be digested into monitoring system that’ll present comparative reports, important alerts and money saving recommendations for users.
The proposed solution consists of the following components:
1.	Inter-connected sensors that transmit electricity consumption data to a database engine (in the future, sensors’ data may be collected for each electric device).
2.	Data processor that associates similar consumers by implementing machine learning methods such as clustering and association rules.
3.	Real time information feedbacks, delivered via the web or mobile devices that report the user how he could save money (given a differential tariff), present informative graphs (past consumption vs. current consumption, user consumption vs. similar users consumption), alerts the user for anomalous uses (“Outage alert! Please turn off your tumble dryer”), and provide recommendations that’ll make the usage as even as possible so future outages may be avoided. 

A visualization of the idea can be found at:
https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155596
An implementation of the suggested novel idea can benefit in several ways. First, it can dramatically reduce the number of electricity outages that paralyze our life every once in a while. Second, it can increase electricity resources utilization and hence, save a lot of money for consumers and for electricity companies. Finally, our innovative idea can increase the monitoring and the control sense that the society has over its consumption and well being.
