Making EMC great place to work -  "From Divergent to Dedicated minds"
My idea is to reduce stress level (for individual) or reduce those divergent minds, so that he/she can dedicate 8-9 hrs to work and be more productive.
This is from a personal experience from day to day life, something I want for myself and many of us are struggling to get it done. Like we have given standing instructions to our bank for paying monthly bills, but its best to have it all at one place and I don't need to call multiple helplines to get things done.
"Sometimes a little change is a good thing".
Individual can dedicate his 8-9 hrs at work if he's got less personal reminders in his phone to take care of. Example - Call driver, change maid, call house cleaner, take dinner in the evening, plan family vacation for upcoming long weekend, pay bills etc.

Believe it or not - All these are tasks to remember!!

We can make EMC a great place to work if there are less divergent minds. 

Solution:- A Portal, or TollFree number, an EMC app or Outlook reminder synced with backend Portal, where individual put his personal task and define timeline and a "Concierge service company" takes care of it all. They call you to confirm or ask a query and get things done on your behalf while you are working at office.
Before you get back home, things are ready. A luxury feeling, make you feel special. 

1. Search for a new driver, new maid, new cook etc
2. Plan a vacation, book a hotel, book taxi etc.
3. Do grocery, refill petrol in personal car etc
4. Pack Dinner and Delivery when you reach home
5. Book family movie before tickets are sold out
6. Get your house cleaned
7. Take care of you pets or even take them to doctor etc
8. Water your plants
9. Laundry service
10. Car cleaning
11. Money or CHeque deposit in bank
12. Book massage session
13. Find fitness trainer or yoga trainer etc
14. Get gifts from market as per your specification/ budget etc for a party
15. Pay utility bills

This will make EMC grow higher in the chart for best company to work for. Less divergent minds and more dedication at work. Which means more productivity from existing staff strength. This will make EMC for my People oriented company and best place to wor
