IT Operation Analytics - Universal collector & Analytic Engine for IT governance
Creating a new solution able to capture logs and metrics (coming from IT equipment’s) and to real-time analyze them will answer a lot of IT challenges.

Trough predictive insights, machine-learning we optimize our products and customer experience.

This s
It is been a year, that I'm working for a customer (banking sector) which try to implement a Big Data solution.
Discovering all Hadoop distribution and IT OA technologies and the FBDL make me think.
Why did we not providing a tool or a full embedded solution, that combine our finest technologies to support the customer team we are day to day facing.
I'm talking about IT Teams, that facing everyday challenges like file system full, or network issues due to miss configuration…
All data are here close to the storage layer so why did we not pick it up and process it directly to anticipate those none planned work that vampirism ourselves.
Including into VBLOCK/FBDL an ITOA engine, combining and offering:
1-A new EMC Universal LOGS & METRICS collector coming from every equipment’s within the integrated system or traditional standalone systems.
2-Create LOGS & METRICS real time analyzer capable trough big data technologies to offer predictive alerts based on machine learning.
3-Create a federate and new log and metrics data lake easy to access by IT Team
4-Offering a new solution of monitoring directly on top of the data (fast and without bottleneck)
5-Real-time technologies to avoid business incident with high impact on customers
6-Log concentration technologies to resolve and anticipate incidents quickly
7-A new IT data source which could be open to traditional big data or BI (existing tools within the organization permitting to correlate IT information and business data).

This engine could be a “black box” combining mix between top technologies from the Federation and open source:
*Universal agent collector: mix of logstash and EMC&VMware API’s
*Log concentration: RSA security analytics
*Metrics concentration:  Storm or EMC array monitoring array system scripts
*Analyzer: Based on Pivotal tools and open source, (in memory DB for metrics analytics and real-time alerting, traditional homemade mapreduce analytics for discover correlation between logs and metrics that will result into new alerts for monitoring system)
*Monitoring interface and UI : Mix of ViPR UI, Kibana…
*Storage: include into the existing integrated system (Isilon should be a plus by enabling using HDFS and other data sources in a same place)

A success will be  little standardizes boxes that could cover a specific day to day challenge of an IT team but with the potential to resolve so much more than the customer will ask for more...

Time is money so my pov is that it should be really cost eff
