Explorative new working style of work from home 
This idea gives a reasonable suggestion on management improvement for letting employees work from home.
I am working in China CoE Chengdu office. I drive my car to office every day which cost me about 2 hours. As a city policy that my car is not allow to drive in every Monday (each car is not allowed to drive in one of the five working days in a week), so I spend about 3 hours in Monday by catching bus. I am thinking that I could have a better home-working balance if I could work from home some days during the week.

I also see that how each big city is tortured by the traffic issue. The idea behind the solution is nothing more but things like build more roads, buying more buses, car regulations, or smart traffic with big data... They are often not working well because the growth of population and car numbers overwhelms these effort.

If people have more chances to work from home, all these issues are gone. With the growth of faster internet and social network the experience of working from home will get better.

We can make no change because of the concern we have for managing employees who are working from home, but we may know from history that how big the opportunity we may lose when we are fearing of change.
Working from home should be an ultimate solution for all these problems -- You are not going into the road, you don't need to worry about any of these issues.

But it is understandable that there is great concern for managers to enforce this policy -- How can I make sure that my team members are working as hard as they are in office?

Let's first check out some potential benefits from this policy:
. Employees get more free hours allocated each day to be used either for working or home stuff -- they love this policy and are proud the company has such cool policy;

. Office administration and facility spending decreased since less people to take care in the office building.

Most important, EMC is a company of innovation and commitment for its social responsibilities. Why not be a pilot to start this new way of working style? Do we want to be the flagship of innovative process to make a better society, or do we want to be a follower when one day this process becomes a trend?

Considering the fear and concern for management to implement the policy, I suggest a explorative way of doing it so it could start small but grow full-blown in the future:

. First of all, setting clear goal for the employees and let them make commitment, this is to make sure the productivity will be the same or above comparing to working in office;

. Encourage managers to start the new policy so they can compete with each other and this helps to bring more ideas for the management challenge;

. Start from small amount of home working days --for example once a week, and gradually expanding the days when everything is running fine   
. Employees' satisfaction for saving time every day;
. Employees' appreciation for company's trust of working from home;
. Cost saving for office's routine;
. EMC reputation for leading this new working style;
. Contribution to environment
