Advanced Development Project Efficiency Improvement
EMC's Advanced Development project process is highly distributed and inefficient. We have done initial data gathering and analysis (http://bit.ly/1GiZvnf). We can drive productivity, business effectiveness and process improvement.
Working with Stephen Todd we began gathering and analyzing innovation project data approximately six months ago. We have identified a number of inefficiency and attempted to implement new processes leveraging existing EMC IT tools. These tools have proven inadequate to meet AD engineering needs. I believe we have broad recognition of these problems by EMC BU, product, CTO, COE, and GS leadership. We need E2E support to optimize process and support implementation of appropriate technology to support these processes.
Our solution is the implementation of processes to enable: project return, project transparency, collaboration across teams, and geography. 
With the help of the E2E Horizon team, we can build a ROI process that calculates the ROI of innovation spend based on factors such as AD Salaries. For example, assuming that the average salary of an AD technologist, across the globe, amounts to $75K, then EMC is making a 15 million dollar investment in AD.
We will improve project transparency using project tracking and project team collaboration technology that will need to be funded. Transparency by the AD project teams will increase as they leverage access to fellow AD engineers and teams with similar interests across geographies. Through a combination of process and technology we can break down geographic isolation. The ROI of AD investment will improve with better interlock with the EMC product teams.  Project results will more easily be integrated with product plan of records. 
Success for our proposal would be measured by seeing more AD projects results incorporated into EMC products, availability of AD project WIP, and outcomes in a knowledge base system. We have great feedback on the AD project collateral at MWC, and EMCWorld
