Innovative Workplace
This idea gets the real diversified team for program. It recognizes different thoughts and the way people try to solve a problem. There is no wrong answer in this idea. Though a group of male/female, Asian/american, Hindu/Christian, tall/dwarf, young/old 
Recently i visited Singapore and spent few days there. Singapore got people from different countries after independence.  It has people from different culture, religion and races. With this diversity country has developed tremendously and now their GDP is at an excellent level.
During the formation of a team put a problem on the table and let each one express their own view. Remember there is no wrong answer. The problem could be totally away from actual technical work. It could be aptitude, national problems, simple mathematical problems, general issues. For ex: a problem could be "How to share river water across 2 regions". Answers from each member could be:
1. 50% share between 2 regions
2. Based on the population share the water
3. Consumption of water across 2 regions
4. Based on rain water harvesting, recycling of water, water alternates used across 2 regions vote for better country
5. Cultivation, industry usage, commercial usage, residential usage in each region
6. Water used/person, wastage of water during supply and cleaning, scientific methods in water conservation
7. Rain, non-river water resources available in 2 regions
8. Consecration of forest regions to increase natural rain, increase of ground water level

Real diversification comes from different type of answers given by individual. If the answers are same then that group is homogeneous. Pickup the people who have given different answers and form a group. This results in true diversified team yielding real innovation. 

It would be better to pickup few topics and put one or two while forming the group. People from different countries, race, gender, ethnicity give diversified opinions; you will get few surprises also. Ex: There are lot of men(fathers) who take care of their kids than women(mothers). These kind of diversification gives wonderful innovation. 
Enhance productivity
Improve product technology
