XtremCLOUD- Cloud integration for EMC's flagship storage solution
This is a breakthrough use case and key integration between two EMC current technologies. The storage landscape will soon consist of only two options, flash and cloud. Let's bring this to the customer with an end to end EMC solution powered by XtremIO.
I've been pushing this idea internally since we were acquired by VMAX. "Why not with Xtrem?" was the first thing out of my mouth when I heard the plan. At first, the answer was that they were a competitive product to VMAX and in a different BU. Then, Xtrem joined Core, and any real reason for a roadblock for a collaboration between the two teams was removed. My idea was solidified after my presentations at EMC World where there was a lot of interest in the two technologies working together and questions such as "Why VMAX and not Xtrem" were very common. Although the idea of flash to cloud did make some people give a strange look, it was pretty well received especially when noting the CloudArray could act as a NAS head. When I came back from EMC World and relayed the information to Nicos Vekiaredes, he sent me this link. If this Innovation is selected and I can present this at EMC World 2016, I will donate the winning prize to Charity:Water as I was moved by the progress we helped make as a company across the globe which was shown at the booth at this years EMC World. I was ranked #7 out of 39 presenters in Core from attendees, I am very passionate presenting material I believe in, and we are sure to have a large and lively crowd with this announcement! Xtrem does not just have to be IO, EMC should be at the forefront of an XtremCLOUD!
CloudArray is a block-based Cloud Storage gateway owned by EMC's CORE group. The original intent was to use this technology with VMAX3, however let's jump AHEAD of the curve. Let's apply this technology to the new flagship product, the hottest product in our storage lineup, and let's create some industry wide buzz. With the integration of these two products not only will we have the first product of its kind at this scale but we will also be increasing overall sales of other EMC products as well (outlined in Benefits section). Two bonuses to this marriage (depending on an architecture review) are 1) The potential to use XtremeIO's lightning fast inline Data Deduplication engine to push DEDUPED data through the CloudArray to the cloud and 2) Using CloudArray as a NAS head for XtremIO. It's a totally new approach to data workflow with an enterprise flash array, and not one of our competitors could deliver a solution like this as fast and as successfully as EMC could.
When XtremCLOUD is released, XtremIO will be the initial ingestion point for all company data, serving up XtremIO performance and also multiple tiers of cloud storage managed by EMC's CloudArray technology. This technology integration gives XtremIO industry first features which will enhance our product improving customer productivity and optimizing data flow and backup process such as: the automated backup/replication of array volumes to standard or archive cloud tiers. Also, the ability to offload stale data to a lower cost, lower performing tier of disk and be able to call it back to XtremIO's flash disks on demand. NAS functionality that the CloudArray brings to the integration would be a great selling point. Cost savings to the customer comes in the form of less spending per GB to store infrequently accessed data, eliminate the cost of tapes and tape storage and increasing the reliability of backups. The benefit to EMC is a big one as well. Not only does this make our flagship product more marketable and cutting edge, putting us ahead of the competition, but it also brings along technologies such as ECS as a geo-replicated, highly redundant private cloud target and also (hopefully), our first foray into public cloud (ESC2) or the soon to be released ECS portion of vCloud Air. We can go back to the existing install base and upsell object storage.  We have many cloud SP partners this could benefit in our partner program as well. 
