The interactive Product catalog & Organisational chart
The interactive Product catalog coupled with an updated Organisational chart will facilitate improved communication across the Federation by allowing everyone to see who interacts with which part in the product chain. This will allow us to deliver enhanced collaboration across EMC’s Federation partners, and across the COE Ecosystem by eliminating incorrect routing of queries and increasing productivity for employees allowing them to find what they need, when they need it.
This idea evolved from a GBS brainstorming session held in Ballincollig with the all the below mentioned employee's present. We have not discussed this idea since it was noted in the session.
Our solution proposes an innovative solution that would be a searchable mind map, GBS propose that all products and activities would be managed in a way that each node of information would feed into the next node. We would have product catalog that would describe an item or a delivery, this would include the stakeholders of this activity, the related organisational structures and what part of the process is owned by which department, allowing for accurate pinpointing of who one needs to contact in order to get assistance. With data gathering and tracking of user activity on the site, we will be able to build a profile of  search criteria and possible outcomes, allowing us to evolve and enhance the users experience based on data analytics of the searched data. The alternative approach proposed would allow for a more visual search rather then the traditional text base search, along with leveraging big data on search and click results, allowing us to predict the possibility of what data the user is looking for.
The completed project would be published on the EMC intranet, allowing global access and data additions, resulting in an organic environment where data accuracy and additions evolve with the user. We would deem this project a success if we could track users progressively needing less steps to find the data they require, with interactive feedback forms and rating systems. The main benefits we would envisage would include increased TCE, and increased productivity, resulting from users finding what they want with increased agility, allowing them to get the answer they require in less time.
