Diversity and Innovation at a Great Place to Work
This idea proposes the model on how we at EMC, ensure that we are getting diversity of thinking and ideas as we continue to innovate.
Idea came up while discussing about the recruitment drive that happened at EMC recently for differently abled people. Once they are a part of EMC workforce, how we can make them feel comfortable and how inclusion can be achieved in the best way possible.
1.	A diversity Focus Group (management level): A focus Group with a Diversity leader in each Business Unit/project (leaders on rotational basis /quarter) who would monitor the extent of diversity in their project. A diversity tracker can be used here. The tracker will be a tool that would capture % representation, # diverse applicants / hires, # career path moves/opportunities available etc.  They can center on measuring the inclusion in workplace culture and  survey items that would capture the current sentiment in the project regarding diversity and inclusion.At project level, we can also develop metrics focused on the % of diverse areas (gender, age, ethnic, etc) that are utilized, or customer satisfaction ratings about projects with high diversity, or successes/failures in different market segments. Diversity inclusion training for existing workforce should be carried out to educate employees. This would encourage every project/BU to include more diverse people in their team and is a good way to monitor the success of this process
2.	Employee Resource Groups (employee level): Employee resource groups or affinity groups within small Business Units can help provide opportunities to identify and promote diverse talent; and encourage collaboration — at all levels in our company. While diversity is all about leveraging differences, no one should be feeling so different that they are isolated at the workplace. One way of doing so is by organizing employee resource and affinity groups— essentially communities within corporations that allow people with similar backgrounds and experiences to connect. At a higher level, these groups should promote volunteerism and company sponsored initiatives.This can be published via blogs or social media to the wider world.

If the idea were to be implemented, every project would have a diverse workforce and diversity could be tracked and improved using the diversity tracker tool. The benefits from these will be reflected in every level of org in  productivity, innovation, cr
