HR Challenge - Diversity and Innovation at a Great Place to Work
Address the importance of Diversity and Innovation benefits,
And provide priorities to be taken care to have Diversity and Innovation at work place at organization level.
Its been implemented in various teams in organizations worked with.
Relationship between diversity and innovation,
Diversity is crucial to encouraging different perspectives and ideas that foster innovation.

Diversity is a key driver of innovation and is a critical component of being successful on a global scale.

A diverse and inclusive workforce is crucial for companies that want to attract and retain top talent.
Competition for talent is fierce in today’s global economy, so companies need to have plans in place to recruit, develop,
and retain a diverse workforce.


Diversity fosters creativity. We need to generate the best ideas from our people in all levels of the
company and incorporate them into our business practices.

The business case for diversity and inclusion is intrinsically
linked to a company’s innovation strategy. Multiple and varied
voices have a wide range of experiences, and this can
help generate new ideas about products and practices. diverse and
inclusive workforce brings the different perspectives that a
company needs to power its innovation strategy
They help to define products
that work for their regions or demographics,



Below should be top priority on diversity/inclusion efforts?

Retention and development of diverse talent
Ensuring diversity in the workplace in general
Developing a robust pipeline or high-potential diverse
Managing cross-generational issues
Leveraging diversity for our business goals
Ensuring diversity at all levels of management
Customizing diversity/inclusiveness goals by region
Developing accountability and measurement of diversity
Redefinement of the retirement age.



programs specifically to retain diverse/inclusive talent:

Regular reviews and input to ensure the correct
Tracking attrition by various categories to monitor
Programs to tie managers’ performance to developmentof diverse employees
Exit interview tracking
Tracking promotion rates of diverse groups


Programs to develop diverse/inclusive talent:

Professional development programs
Diversity-focused mentoring programs
Employee resource/networking groups
Affiliations to diversity-focused professional organizations
Organization communications focused on different groups


When it comes to recruitment of a diverse workforce:

University/graduate school diversity associations
Search firms
Diversity-focused job fairs
Diversity or special-interest-focused job websites
Employee referrals


Following can be part of organization’s diversity and inclusion efforts based on various aspects.
Gender
Ethnicity/national origin
Age
Race/color
Disability
Nationality
Veteran status

Who is ultimately accountable for the success of diversity
CEO
CHRO
Board of Directors
Senior leaders within division or business unit
COO
General managers
Senior leaders within geography
Individual managers
Other C-level

Who are the members of your company’s diversity board committee.

Human resources
CEO
Senior division or business unit leaders
Head of diversity
Board members
COO
Senior leaders for each geography
Other C-level
Individual managers


What barriers continuing to develop or implement a strategy for workplace diversity and inclusion?
Middle management fails to execute diversity programs adequately
Budgetary issues prevent greater implementation
Too focused on survival in the current economy
Failure to perceive the connection between diversity and business drivers
Inadequate attention from senior leadership
Other priorities related to managing our workforce currently take precedence


Diversity fosters creativity. We need to generate the best ideas from our people in all levels of the
company and incorporate them into our business practices.
