Set your data free - Cloud data services management
This idea may be a disruptive force in the cloud storage market. A huge market oppertunity, placing EMC high in the value chain, becoming the go-to company for cloud interop and value added services. We do not compete with clouds - we enhance them.
The idea started as an internal discussion in RecoverPoint and expanded to be a Israel COE nGIN Hackathon team. We have discussed it (with very positive responses) with people in CMD (Cloud Foundry services), and within CTD CTO office. It aligns well with CTDs ‘cloud integrated’ roadmap. It also aligns well with EMC DPC initiative with the potential of making it the backup repository of the clouds. The hackathon presentation is here: https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-152165

We create a software layer, that can be delivered as a service, to abstract cloud persistency services like objects stores, block storage, message queues and databases. Each persistency service defines APIs and declares service levels.
The layer consists of multiple northbound APIs to aid portability of existing applications, and multiple southbound implementations to allow mobility of applications between clouds. This is done leveraging EMC technologies like RecoverPoint and Maginatics and some specially created technologies (see presentations attached).
For example for object stores, we set up Amazon compatible  S3 API, Azure objects,  etc so applications already built around these technologies can consume our service. We implement the backend over S3, Azure, ViPR, EMC DPC, and/or Maginatics file system that they use any (multiple) backends available. 
In this layer we provide non-disruptive migration services, backup and replication services that can enhance and complement existing cloud provider services.
Existing applications, and especially PaaS Cloud Foundry apps can now non-disruptively migrate, add enterprise level data protection, or balance according to load/cost.
Partnering with SPs world-wide, provide EMC level VAS to existing clouds. Opening up the whole market to interoperability. Become the standard for all apps, placing EMC in a position to be the "neutral" provider for all clouds (like StarHome for roaming)
