Using off host methods to calculate resource usage.
:Durham Data Center Elastic Labs Challenge
  Helps to figure out the resource usage in a Lab/Datacenter wihout running any agent on the individual resources.

:Office of the CTO 'New Business' Challenge
  s/w defined infra: Develop heuristics based policies for dynamic resource allocation
how: 
this is related to the kind of work we are interested in or have done, always wanted to see a datacenter having all these. :)
when:

specific answer to this question(how did the idea came in mind)  will need more research oriented study of biology/human brain.
- Instead of putting agents on the end point, put intelligence in different kind of switches/controllers(network switches, SAN array controllers, FC switches, power PDUs ) in the datacenter and intermediate nodes.
- For each kind of transport (network/SAN/Power) there is usually a unique identifier for each machine/node. e.g MAC address for network, WWPN/NN for FC iscsi, zones for power PDUs etc.
- The switches will keep usage counters for the relevant traffic being generated by a node. e.g the network switch will keep track of the amount of network data generate/cosumed by a machine, a SAN controller will keep track of the load generated on the controller. These samples are maintained for each of the nodes and uniquely identified.
- The data collected can then be examined and correlated to give you a unified picture of your data center/Lab, and can answers queries like 
Which node are under/over utilized based on the infra(network, storage, power) resources used by that node.
What times a resource is more active.
Which physical resources can be made a part of physical resource pool which can then be used to create virtual resources.
which resources can be virtualized.
Which resources are a candidates for "power off and nobody will complain" or send an alert to user to request a shutdown.
Which user/group has most unused resources, if they place requirements for more hardware, this data can be used to accept/reject/scrutinize such requests and save $$.
- The analysis system can be integrated with procurement DB etc.

A lean, efficient, cost effective(High ROI), dynamic datacenter/Lab which can allocate resources on demand or predict future requirement based on data it already has, without having specialized agents on the end points.
