Data Center Protection score generated by Backup Management Software 
A data driven approach using machine learning and data science for better monitoring of customer installations. 
TCE: Will raise TCE and provide us with better ideas of the customer pain points.
Brazil: this is an FBDL Time Series based technology using E
Michael and Roi (DPA) collaborated with  Amihai and Raphael (Data Scientists) based on our joined experience using DPA and understanding of the client needs  and based on our experience with Machine learning and data science methodologies we thought about the suggested idea.

We are also aware that IT operation environments house a large number of applications required by the business for daily operations. Backup management software products assist IT operations by alerting the system manager when a risk is identified in one of these systems (e.g. number of active files in a networker client or job name and error string in a SAP HANA backup job). DPA ships with a generic policy on which events to alert on.
A major transformation in IT technologies is the use of statistical methods to automatically generate health scores for different IT components (application, server, network, load, etc). We describe an approach for aggregating the information collected by the backup management software and the alerts that it generates into single health score using machine learning algorithms (such as Gaussian Mixture model). 
This is a similar approach to the Exchange servers alerting engine implemented by IT. This machine learning solution has successfully reduced false alerts by over 50% while providing earlier warning times on real events. This system is currently in use by the IT Global Command Center and is offered as a Big Data play by Professional Services (see patent request EMC-13-0902, included in the additional material). 

We describe a new methodology for aggregation of multiple system indicators from multiple systems collected by the Data Protection Advisor to create a single “protection score”. This health score will provide information at a glance for the entire state of the data center as well as drill down capability to any part of the system which is unhealthy.
The Data Center Protection Score will be built of the following modules:
1.	Information about the different components of the data center is collected by the Backup Management Software agents (such as DPA).
2.	Time series model (similar to the description at patent request EMC-15-0402) – this module will constantly build and update a time series predictive model, such as Holt-Winter or ARIMA depending on the agent type, and provide an expected range of values for the tracked data. For example, identify that a backup job backs up 8-10 gb of data daily and 40-50 gb on weekends. The module will track the alerts that the system generates as well as volume of events that were collected.
3.	Parameters weights generator – this module will use the time series output and statistical histograms to learn the volume and velocity of the each event, the assumption is that rare events/alerts are very important and should have more impact on the system health than alerts that are too often. For the frequent events we will take into account the volume of the data in each time slot.   The output of this module will be a weight in the range zero to one per each rule.
4.	Aggregation function – this module combines the alerts with their weights and provides single metric that describes the health of the system: one metric will be calculated for each component being tracked in the data center and a global metric will aggregate the different components (such as: backup, replication, application load).
The system may be fully automated or ask the expert for permission and adjusting the weights for each rule.

1.	Easier to consume by the customer. 
2.	Improves total customer experience of backup management software with a more intelligent advisor.
3.	Better suited for third platform and application.

