Data-driven resources allocation for Smart cities.
The idea addresses smart cities from health care perspective. It leverages IoT, big data storage and geo-data analysis for urban resource allocation, aiming at creating a healthier urban environment.  
As citizens in urban environments, we encounter many misallocated resources aside to under-exploited locations. As data scientists, we identified several opportunities that relate to this field that can be addressed using advanced analytics, machine learning approaches and Big Data platforms.
Our innovation presents a data-driven urban resources allocation. We propose a solution that supports the allocation decision by leveraging multiple objects’ sensors, Big data storage and geo-data processing and analysis methods. Basically, the idea is to generate a “living map”, where citizen-sensing can provide insights about the status of things on the ground and consequently affect them.
 Our proposed solution consists of the following stages:
1.	Data collection -  Data will be collected using the following means:
a.	Personal devices such as smartphones and smart garments. Inevitably, this should consider privacy issues.
b.	External devices such as public sensors (e.g. speed cameras)
c.	Social networks data mining for shared training summary reports.
2.	Data processing – Transforming the raw data into location oriented data that can answer the following questions: how many people run in a specific area? What is the flow direction? What’s the distance between the location and people’s home? What are the similar locations to the given location?  
3.	Decision support – visualize the information and provide insights by using descriptive statistics about different areas, activities’ geographical heat-maps etc.
4.	A data-driven resource allocation.
5.	Feedback loop –Evaluating the chosen allocation effect. 
  
A visual presentation of our solution can be found in the following link:
https://inside.emc.com/servlet/JiveServlet/downloadBody/150676-102-1-504628/data%20driven%20resources%20allocation.pptx
1. Create a healthier urban environment 
2. Improve accessibility and usage of urban resources. 
3. Utilize EMC’S stack for both providing the storage, processing and analytics.

