Back to the Future: Conference Rooms
https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-156116

The IT Contemporary Workplace Challenge was all about having a more Contemporary Workplace or The Cooler Office!  Since Mobile is all the rage, why not apply mobile technology improvements to the one resource every person uses here in IT = Conference Rooms? This is about making our ability to plan, schedule, use and improve the Conference Room experience.

This was a series of ideas that came up really as 5 use cases detailed in the Problem field above. I kicked around the idea in the back of my head from time to time in what people in some companies call "FedEx Days". When the new Davenport CR came online and it had a little touchpad to control the screens/camera, it gave me the idea of having a way to log a ticket right from the conference room. I then thought of what to name it and how it would work and it became the Conference Room Gateway (because Portal is overused). Then I started to think how I could solve for the other use cases around conference rooms that I had encountered and drafted up a solution. Conference Room scheduling and apps are not new, but the interface I designed and the features that could be used are not something I have seen. I believe each of these use case solutions show how we can have a more contemporary workplace and certainly make our conference rooms cooler!

https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-156116

https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-156116

A) Conference Room Gateway: A mobile / tablet based Conference Room user interface where users could instantly log a ticket against that very conference room. Instead of a user having to go back to their desk, pull up Unity, have to search for the correct CI (Conference Room) and enter a whole bunch of information, the user could with a single free hand, click “Log Room Ticket” and then choose one of several pre-configured options for items that are not functioning in the room: Lighting, Projector, Phone, Connectivity, Electricity, Climate or Other. Users could log a ticket in seconds rather than minutes or worse not at all because it takes too long or they forgot. This would improve the Quality and TCE for our colleagues and make the use of our Conference Rooms Cooler, More Contemporary and Efficient.
B) Conference Room Gateway: A mobile / tablet based Conference Room user interface where meeting organizers could instantly “Check Out” of their meetings when they are done. This would free up the conference room in the system for booking and make it show as “Open” On the Conference Room Gateway so users could book impromptu meetings during the time that was reclaimed.  Think of it like an “on air” light for the conference room so while it is actively in use it would be red and when it is not in use it would be green.  This would improve TCE, RESPECT our colleagues and make the use of our Conference Rooms Cooler, More Contemporary and Efficient.
C) Conference Room Gateway: A mobile / tablet based Conference Room user interface where meeting organizers could instantly “Check In” to their conference room when they arrive. This would immediately change the status of the room from “Booked” to “In Use”. We could set a threshold of say 10 minutes where if a room had a scheduled meeting but no one “checked in” to the meeting within those first 10 minutes, the scheduled reservation would cancel an the room would reset to “Open”. This would free up a room in the system for those that were cancelled but not officially cancelled in Conference Room Finder. This would also make the room available for those users that needed to hold an impromptu meeting, making our Conference Rooms Cooler, More Contemporary and Efficient.
D) Conference Room Gateway: A mobile / tablet based Conference Room user interface where those needing to hold a non scheduled meeting could instantly  walk up to a Conference Room that showed “Open” on the Conference Room Gateway and book that room for 15 minutes, 30 minutes or even an hour (depending on amount of time until the next scheduled meeting. If say only 20 minutes was available, the only option to book would be 15 minutes.  This would make users more productive, increase AGILITY, empower PEOPLE and make the use of our Conference Rooms Cooler, More Contemporary and Efficient.
E) Conference Room Gateway: A mobile / tablet based Conference Room user interface where those needing to hold a non scheduled meeting could instantly  walk up to a Conference Room that showed “Open” on the Conference Room Gateway and book that room for 15 minutes, 30 minutes or even an hour (depending on amount of time until the next scheduled meeting. If say only 20 minutes was available, the only option to book would be 15 minutes.  This would make users more productive, increase AGILITY, empower PEOPLE and make the use of our Conference Rooms Cooler, More Contemporary and Efficient.

A fully incubated/implemented Conference Room Gateway would have these tablets in place on the wall outside every Conference Room in lieu of the paper or plastic signs in place now. It would save the company money due to wasted time in a broken conference room, searching for an open room, trying to book a room, forgetting to cancel a reservation, trying to locate a conference room in the building. Most importantly I think this would directly have an impact on our Great Place to Work initiative as it would make our workplace more contemporary, respect our employees time and empower the people to be more productive.
