Xtreme S.M.A.R.T.P.H.O.N.E
This is an industry that EMC is capable of getting into and winning accolades. The Office of the CTO challenge is looking for a new business idea/proposal for EMC as an organization. This idea revolves around a new use-case for the smartphone industry. 
How i came across the idea was by accident. My brother got engaged recently and i clicked a lot of photographs on my Nokia Lumia. My relatives also clicked some on their phones and send them across to me. Some photographs that i received were the same, though it had different names since it was sent from different sources. I never realized that I am downloading duplicate photographs which was already stored on my phone, until i downloaded each. Due to this,my phone was frequently running out of space. The fastest solution i could find was to go to the gallery and delete all duplicate photographs or move the files to external storage or Dropbox.

I was wondering what if there was a software/app that could do this for me automatically. It will save so much of my time, space and money. I happened to discuss this with my friends,w ho had a similar problem and understood that its a genuine problem area and there is scope for a solution.

The Xtreme S.M.A.R.T.P.H.O.N.E device could be a tiny circuit/software app that can be integrated with smartphones. A smart solution that can analyze the incoming data coming into smartphones and deduplicate/compress it to save storage space. This way users will run out of space less often and would not need to frequently move content to external storage or buy external memory/SD cards or delete old files. 
Duplicate data could be in the form of mp3 files with different names, or redundant backups made by the device's backup assistant, or many copies of an app with random names but the same content, photographs, text messages, etc. The Xtreme S.M.A.R.T.P.H.O.N.E component will help locate and remove these duplicate files (Includes image, video, audio, document and all of files) on the smartphone easily and accurately. This in turn will free up a lot of storage space on the device. Also, clubbing compression along with deduplication will help manage & store data more efficiently.

There are a few existing apps for Android devices like: Search Duplicated File which helps locate and remove duplicate files. However, user feedback is not very positive for the app, as it does not ensure deletion of the correct duplicate files always and you are at a risk of deleting important files. Another app is Duplicate Contacts Manager- which helps to remove duplicate contacts. But there is no provision to deduplicate other content with this app.  

Currently, there is no device that will deduplicate all kind of files on our smartphone. However, the disadvantages for such a device could be battery consumption. But we can find a way through this problem.

This is the era of Whatsapp and every individual has come to a point where they cannot conduct their regular communications without smartphone apps like Whatsapp. Nowadays, people prefer to make short and quick communications via Whatsapp over emails, SMS and phone calls. The app is very easy-to-use and can be installed without any hassles. You just need internet/wi-fi connection on your smart phones to use it. When you switch numbers, you don't need to migrate from the old number to the new number to use Whatsapp. It is that smart! 

The smartphone industry comes out with sleeker, smarter, lighter, more intelligent smartphones every few months. EMC can provide a solution for users to use their data in smartphones in an efficient and powerful way. It focuses on being 3rd platform ready
