Reducing the # of returns of our products through predictive analysis-- prototype in progress
'Maintenance Expenses' The costs incurred to keep an item in good condition and/or good working order. When purchasing an item that requires upkeep, consumers should consider not just the initial price tag, but also the item's ongoing maintenance expenses.


This is a real challenge cost for every company which need more attention when speaking about the 3rd platform.
I thought about the idea with our colleague Denis Canty and when I was brainstorming about the idea of self healing IoT enabled DC.
This idea proposes to build a complete holistic, cloud based Predictive Analytics Engine, which can be a plugin into Vipr to check the healthy status of EMC Products, taking data over the complete life-cycle of the product, and use this data intelligently to reduce the number of product/commodity returns we have. We have BIG Data from our products, but are we using it? We need to extract value from this data.

Once a failure happens, we create a DNA styled footprint of this data, which we then add this to a failure DNA pooling. As this accumulates we can trend and predict the probability of failure of systems that have characteristics in common with the Failure DNA Pooling.

Data includes, but not limited to initial configuration, mfg test performance data, field profiling of system performance. 

The platform would have an API to view the product DNA footprint big data, with a series of apps to generate reports for every stage of the product life cycle management.

This would have a big impact to our customers, and would show them we are actively looking at reducing failures in their sites.


- Our solution will rely on MAHOUT machine learning module for " historical, streaming, and simulation " analysis for more accurate and preventive approach.
1- Improved customer satisfaction.
2- Decrease items downtime.
3- Save EMC money for free interventions and replacements.
4- Will enhance the HA of EMC products and will increase the stability.
5- Will make a difference in the SDDC
