Restart Reality!
Whisk 60 diverse people from across EMC away from the pressures of the workplace, managers and everyday life, surround them with cool technologies, ideas and inspiration, and encourage them to discover new realities about themselves, others and the world.
Before EMC, I participated in a number of diverse collaborative seminars and trips, such as the Schusterman Foundation ROI Summit for young Jewish social entrepreneurs from more than 50 countries, and a US State Department International Leadership Development Program for social media professionals from 18 different countries.  Inside of EMC - As the team representative for last year's Best-in-Show Innovation, I was fortunate to attend a week-long bootcamp with Innovation team and the other Best-in-show finalists form different CoEs and fields of expertise. These events were formative experiences for me in my personal and professional development-meeting and learning from inspiring people with ideas and backgrounds and life experiences very different from my own.  I see very little of this type of informal, but exciting interchange of ideas in the corporate world - that is accessible to a "regular" employee, and think that EMC could benefit hugely from nurturing these types of interchanges.   As an innovation tool - I have seen Open Space lead to stereotype-shattering conversations and produce some incredible social initiatives that became realities and continued long beyond the original seminars.
60 high-achieving employees, selected from thoughout EMC (all job grades, areas and BUs), are taken on a 4-day mid-week retreat in a rural location, without cellphones and personal laptops. During these three days, they are provided with a plethora of creative art materials, laptops pre-installed with standard and new development programs and new technology, and any additonal supplies they may request.  The schedule is as follows:   Day 1 - Arrival, intros, Innovation keynote address and exploration. Day 2 - Open Space idea formation and proposals, Day 3 - Work on projects or move to other projects - Day 4 - Innovation Gallery & Celebration, departure. The key elements here are the three Ds - 1) Diversity - Employees are selected from any job grade, title or BU, who meets eligibility metrics, such as an EPAS of Consistently Exceeds or Far Exceeds. Titles and seniority are taboo - this is a retreat of creative and innovative equals, whose goal is to extend beyond our personal interests, imaginition and professional boundaries. To further this goal, all participants are treated as equal VIPs for the duration of the retreat. 2) Disconnect - While there will be exposure to the latest technological and creative advances, there will be a complete disconnect from the outside world, social media etc. (participants can have access to a landline to call family members) - the focus here is to reignite our creativity through interacting with other innovators or high achievers from across the company in a tranquil setting. 3) Discovery - The goal is for participants to discover more about themselves, about  each other's skills and talents, about new technology and about the power we have when we bring these together.  While there is no imperative to produce - or to invent a working prototype of anything, the Innovation Gallery at the close of the retreat will showcase ideas, inventions, philosophies or even personal talents of employees, to be celebrated by the group.  Upon their return to the workplace, the participants of each Restart Reality Cohort can continue to work on their ideas, involve others, or simply spread a message of diversity and innovation.
EMC will be a cool, diverse place to work - where excellence is rewarded with a unique opportunity to experience innovation 24/4.  With a temporary removal of hierarchy and boundaries broken, collaborative ideas will take shape, and hopeful friendships w
