Automatic mechanism for heterogeneous storage provisioning
Cert team do much tedious work to prepare environment for test cases. This is both time-consuming and error-prone. With this solution, provisioning becomes a simple task by just inputting the requirements. It also provides extensibility through open APIs.
Elab team have the same pain point with Durham COE, we also need to manage and configure massive heterogeneous storages and network or SAN foundation. We want to develop the script which can help for auto provisioning of heterogeneous storage and auto cleanup test environment as our requirements.
We have developed the version 1.0 of the script and used in out team and it help improving our work efficiency.  
This solution provides the automatic mechanism for heterogeneous storages provisioning. It works with python and ViPR controller and contains four modules: Physical system management (hosts/Cluster/VC/storage/network), virtual devices and policy define which abstract the physical storage to virtual as user requirement, self-define the storage provisioning policy and functions, and user and access rights management. Physical system management provide the centralized devices management, it create the physical pool for administrator to put all of supported devices to this pool, it also can auto detected the pool and FC/iSCSI ports status for storage, auto detect the initiators status for hosts and port connection status for network. Virtual devices and policy define abstract the physical devices to virtual as user requirements. Self-define the storage provisioning policy provides the open APIs, user can develop the functions, storage attach and cleanup project as own requirements. User and access rights manage the user, group and access rights. We have the detail introduction document about this solution. 

This tool have tested in e-lab certification team, and it truly improve our team work efficiency. I think it could be expand using for other teams or CS. It can help to improve customer satisfaction, save money or make money for our company. 
