Rotation for Diversity
My ideas aims at temporarily rotating EMC'c work force globally which will increase the global diversity index and help EMC become one of the top 10 diverse workplaces in the world. 
I plan on discussing this idea in the next local innovation session. 
The world is full of "International Citizens", a term that usually refers to people who frequently for work. The world is a one big office for them. I would like EMC to adopt that concept on a broad scale. 

The Rotation for Diversity Program, which is the suggested implementation name I've given to this idea, will be a 2-year progam. When an employee signs up, she will spend the following two years working in EMC offices in up to 4 different countries; spending 6 to 12 months in each office. 

Here's a possible scenario that better explains my idea:

Asila has been working at India's COE for 3 years. She spent over 14 months in her most recent role as a resource manager. She has always been curious about how her fellow resource managers do their work in other EMC offices around the world. She makes a list of 20 countries where she thinks she would like to spend 6 months in the next 2 years. She then signs up to EMC's Rotation for
Diversity Program. The program's appointment criteria suggest that she spends her next 2 years with EMC playing her resource manager role in Russia, Spain, Brazil and Germany. Asila agrees to the suggested plan and within 2 months she finishes the paperwork needed to temporarily relocate to Russia. Her onboarding process in Russia lasts for a week after which she gets involved in assignments and tasks similar to the ones she used to do back in India but with a Russian flavor. Asila is asked to deliver a presentation in the middle of her stay 
Russia to tell her fellow resource managers about how things are different from India to Russia in the context of her job. 

To minimize the costs involved with running the program, financing the rotation costs (air tickets, accommodation, paper work costs, transportation, etc) will be covered by the employee. EMC will provide its employees with the opportunity to get more international exposure but the employees themselves have to cover the expenses involved. No special allowances should be provided. An employee participating in the program will be treated just as if she was working locally at her original EMC office. 
1- Increased diversity
2- Happier workforce
3- Enriching EMC workforce culture
4- Knowledge transfer
5- Higher employee retention rate 
