Value-Added-Reseller(VAR)/Service-Provider(SP) Booking Engine (VSPBE) - Place your order and we'll let you know when its ready for use. Forget Easy to install/configure offerings, this is a ready to use offering designed to  make it convenient for customers to buy VSPEX-BLUE and for VARs/SPs to easily add value via an Automated, Zero-admin-touch, end-to-end solution.  It can be used to automate deployment of any vmware based converged-infrastructure (EVO:RAIL, EVO:RACK, Nutanix).
CTO-Challenge VSPBE uses business and configuration data to automate EVO:RAIL deployments and SP registration in a manner similar to making airline-n-hotel reservations. E2E-Challenge  End-to-End. Process driven from order-to-delivery
This particular idea came to me largely due to my being switched from the Enterprise Sales organization into the Service Provider sales organization.  During this organization change, I've learned that with the exception of AWS and one or two others, SP sales aren't great and all SP's margins are low.  As such, I tried to think of ways to increase vCA's sales and improve their margins.  A big assist in doing this comes from the fact that I'm been supporting VMware, Pivotal and vCloud Air for several years as an SE. I know Drew Kramer, CIO of Pivotal, Mornay Van De Walt, VP of EVO:RAil and Doug Day, Director of Infrastructure for vCA as well as members of Chad Dunn's VSPEX BLUE group (e.g., Rieko Sato, Tapan Samaddar).  Everyone likes this idea and as a result most of them referred me to someone who might be able to assist me with product-izing it. Various vCA employees recommended I speak with Amit Gupta who I have initiated conversations with.  Chad/Rieko directed me to Tapan who  loves the idea.  Mornay directed me to Mike McDonough. Drew Kramer told me that I know where his office is and to come by and talk to him some more about this idea.  Drew also coached me on how to apply for a provisional patent.   Using the feedback received, I continue to investigate and resolve implementation challenges.   For example, when Mike McDonough indicated customer firewalls might prevent this from working, I reached out to VMware's networking specialist Will Stokes and he indicated there were several ways to get around a customers firewall.  We agreed to meet again to explore those suggestions in more detail when we get back from Memorial Day.   When I started this, the first thing I thought of was that we needed more SP sales people but given EMC wasn't going to hire a bunch of AEs, I had to come up with something else.  That's when I came up with the idea of leveraging the large VAR sales force.  Now I had potentially had more feet on the street to sell more product, I needed to figure out how to help them sell more product.  From what I could tell, the SP sale's cycle was long and mostly un-rewarding.   I kept thinking that everyone wants to go to the cloud and everyone talks about it.  Why wouldn't a customer go to the cloud is one question I asked myself.  Why can't we make it more convenient and easy to go to the cloud without having to have special expertise?  So the combination of enterprise direct-sale's (i.e., selling EVO:RAIL) and the enlightenment of the challenges involved with SP sales made me start thinking about new ways to increase sales. Shortly thereafter I came up with the zero-touch EVO:RAIL idea and learned that EVO wasn't particular VAR friendly in the sense that they couldn't easily add plug-ins or value to EVO:RAIL without fully configuring EVO:RAIL at VAR site and then shipping it to customer.  That's when this VAR-SP booking engine idea came into my head.
Value-Added-Reseller/Service-Provider Booking Engine. Despite how easy EVO:RAIL/VSPEX-BLUE is, it still requires several manual steps to install, configure, register with SP, connect to SP, configure SP environment, add plug-ins, implement DR and so forth.  vmware and EMC have the technology consumers want (e.g., RecoverPoint, DRS, vmotion, monitoring, templates), but it takes too much time and expertise to administer.  So lets make it as easy as ordering from In-N-Out Burger.  Step-1 place your order via VAR SE/VSPBE. Step-2 VSPBE places configuration meta-data on SP's secure, customer configuration site using unique PO # as the identifier.  Distributor-VAR delivers EVO:RAIL/VSPEX-BLUE to customer on mobile-rack with two Top-of-rack-switches fully connected and ready to go. Step-3 Customer plugs in EVO:RAIL network and power cables and walks away. Step-4 EVO:RAIL calls-home to preferred SP to receive configuration information. Step-5 Customer-informed via email/text that their order is being processed. Step-6 VCA remote-configuration-agent initaitates configuration of EVO:RAIL to customer's specifications. Step-7 Customer is notified via email/text that EVO:RAIL has been successfully configured and is ready for use.  Step-8 Send customer a satisfaction survey and offer to show them a video of SaaS and SP features that can deploy in seconds.  Virtually anything vmware can do or an integrator can develop can be  automatically deployed.  For example, vmware offers monitoring as a service, backup as a service and DR.  vCA has a plug-in that enables management of on-premise and SP-premise (VCA) resources as if they were one and the same.   Add Pivotal CloudFoundry with IBM, EMC and HP driven initiatives to this and you'll find the possibilities are endless and purpose built EVO:RAIL integrated solutions are soon to follow.  What's best is VCA has vmware up and running and EVO has vmware which makes integration plug and play compatible.  Another feature is customers can sample SaaS products as easily as they try food when shopping at food stores.  Fast, convenient, simple and secure.  Also do to the value-add of not needing a storage specialist, VARs and SPs can now demand a premium for their products as opposed to single-digit profits.
More feet via VARs selling Vcloud-Air (SP) and EVO:RAIL, unique client-server running vmware integration opportunity for developers, increase SP/EVO:RAIL sales, increase margin can be demanded for reducing customers OPEX.  EMC will make money and increase sales by implementing this as it will be the first and only vendor, at this time, offering a ready-to-use, fast-food-type infrastructure offering.  In addition, the EMC Federation already owns several discovery tools and if our trusted SE advisers are given permission to export configuration information we could create a whole series of ready-for-use products.  Convenience sells; Make it is and they will buy.
