Business Value Use Case - https://inside.emc.com/message/499658#499658
This idea provides a project life cycle around projects.  The goal is to focus on data science and analytic projects but can be utilized across all type of projects.
The idea is not a new one and one that most organizations seem to struggle with but believe focus should be on this project due to the transformation EMC is going through.  Data projects has had some focus due to the BDL and Governance.  A process is being developed within a tool called Collibra that is being led by TCE and Barbara Latulippe.  This is a good POC and utilizing a tool such as ServiceNow at a Federated level could have a tremendous impact on how projects are managed.
Utilizing tools across all cross functional teams would provide visibility into each project and provide a framework.  It seems most projects are managed at the group level or in some cases by someone that has project/program management experience but each project has different data, process, but does not have a consistent framework.  With the move to the 3rd platform, consolidation of product BUs and increased focus around Federated solutions, identifying projects in a centralized repository could provide valuable visibility across the organization.  Utilize ServiceNow to provide the infrastructure and follow a business value use case process around discovery, prioritization, requirements, preparation, analysis, actionable items, publication, and consumption.  ServiceNow has the capability for automation and orchestration of approval processes, reporting, ability to track projects, and generate tickets for to do items.  Imagine a centralized Federated project management dashboard to enable resources to be assigned to those projects that have the greatest impact on developing solutions.
A centralized interactive dashboard that provides status, budget and resource analysis across the federation that focus in on developing solutions.  The tool would have a minimum template requirement for consistency across projects.
