Hybrid Cloud Network Orchestration Simplified through EMC cloud portal
With 3rd platform, cloud coming in, networking, application consistency across the workloads in hybrid cloud environments has becoming challenge. Public compute cloud environments are mostly getting used for off-loading the on-premise work-loads or in cas
I am currently working on building disaster recovery as a service for EMC cloud and mainly responsible for networking accross the cloud after fail-over. We are trying to minimize the customer side manual interventions as far as possible and make customers life easier.  Biju Pillai,  Senior Consultant is also involved in this.
With EMC cloud portal coming up, EMC is separating control pane and data plane in cloud. Control pane would be EMC cloud based on Google kubernetes-docker based technology and data plane will be Gouda object storage. Through control pane, now it is possible to control customer's on premise EMC backup server devices like Avamar or Networker, sitting in customers private network. Using firewall friendly protocol, its possible to get and set control data on on-premise devices, through EMC cloud portal.
After disaster or after off-loading the workloads to cloud, customer machines get new IPs. Information regarding mapping of old IP to new IP, is with customer's account in EMC control pane cloud. Instead customer doing and adding hundreds of IPs to different DNS servers, customer will register on-premise DNS server with EMC cloud portal. EMC cloud clients connecting through REST APIs need to be installed on DNS servers. All open-source as well as paid DNS servers provides API support to do the same. EMC cloud service will push that data(old IP to new IP) to customer's DNS servers. Its like synching the DNS servers using EMC cloud services. Customer may be having many DNS servers. Each DNS server will only fetch the IPs of its relevance and add alias entries for the same.  After moving the work-load back to on-premise(in fail-back process), this process will automatically get reversed.


It will greatly improve the customer satisfaction, as he would need to connect the public cloud with traditionally,largely available, less expensive IPSec layer 3 vpn only. He can extend any kind of work-load(vitalized as well as physical) to the cloud. V
