System and Method for Generating Electricity from Component Waste Heat
The environmental Stewardship Challenge is asking innovators to develop a solution that increases the energy efficiency of an EMC product by more than 60% by 2020. My Idea uses a sterling engine and converts the heat our systems generate into mechanical m
Being a Hardware Design Engineer I always wanted to convert the heat generated by our hardware systems into free electricity because most of the electricity used to power our hardware systems is converted into wasted heat. Jin Liang, Nader Darivach and I discussed it and came up with this idea and filed 2 patent applications for it on March 31, 2012. I have a partial Stirling Engine prototype built but have had to pay for it myself and it is not finished. It mounts on a 100W Intel Microprocessor used on the Megatron CPU/SP/Director and can recover 180W in theory since there are two microprocessors. I will link a conceptual AVI video of it working.
This idea will both reduce the electricity required to power EMC systems and the heat generated by them saving our customers a lot of money over the life of the EMC systems they purchase. It can be applied to not only individual components such as the microprocessor but also cabinets as well as whole computer rooms converting the waste heat into free electricity. It uses a Stirling engine to convert the heat into mechanical motion which turns a generator and produces free electricity. I am unaware of any other approaches to do this. There were two patent applications filed, one for the components and another for the cabinet or whole computer room. The first application was issued EMC patent number 8780542 on July 15 2014. The second application is still pending. I told Ken Pieciak about this idea and he also had an idea to use a thermoelectric power generator to do the same thing as the Stirling engine. We are in the process of evaluating if enough temperature differentials exist to try this thermoelectric generator approach. Here is a video of it. https://inside.emc.com/videos/10471 
It would mount on top of large heat generating components PCB's contain. There would be a small generator that turns and feeds back 12V onto the board power reducing the power the board requires. One could mount onto the cabinet at the heat exhaust goes. 
