 Security and Privacy Preservation in IoT using Dynamic Privacy-Risk Analyzer (DPA)– data analytical approach
IoT is emerging and with the increasing number of connected devices, the security and privacy risk increases and needs special attention and customized tools. 
Scope: to Achieve optimum Privacy-Utility Trade off in IoT systems

EMC can lead this new open market using RSA the security leader. This can ass new solution or leverage existing ones like (RSA Security Analytics)

 
We play with statistics and were thinking of the specific features for IoT collected data and its statistical significance. We came to know the analogy between this type of data and the statistic science which means that we can unleash new opportunities using Analytics. A preliminary coding/simulation phase was modeled that shows significant results

 Our solution  “Dynamic Privacy Analyzer” is aiming at providing the following features:
1-	Dynamically analyze privacy risk level and provide privacy scoring
2-	Reporting any potential privacy breach to the user
3-	Route the IoT data accordingly depending on risk score
4-	Ensure utility-privacy trade off

The solution is generic and can be applicable for different IoT applications like: smart homes, streets, energy system..etc.  We will take the Energy use case as an example to explain how it works in practical showing milestone details

To achieve this we will use data analytics over the collected data. To achieve this, the solution consists of the following parts:

1-	“Dynamic Privacy Analyzer (DPA) gateway”: this module will be part of the IoT platform and will stand between the sensors (smart meters) and the internet. This gateway will aggregate smart meters data and runs the analytical engine (software) to do sensitivity measurement and adding privacy risk score. Then privacy preserved data (secure) will be sent to the internet while in case of privacy risk, an alert will be returned to the user. 

2-	“The Analytical Engine”: the logic that runs the statistical model and analyze the data. This Engine achieves two main goals:
a.	Appropriate privacy management of smart meter data to warrant minimum privacy leakage while conforming to macro-statistical parameters (to ensure utility)
b.	Efficiently resistant to NILM initiated privacy breaching attack on smart meter data (by hiding risky data points)
This analytical engine differentiates between different  main data point types from the privacy point of view:
a.	Non-private data that is not interesting to intruders or hackers
b.	Private data that is interesting to intruders and that can be exploited by malicious agents
c.	Example: daily activity like using microwave oven for morning breakfast is normal and not interesting to hackers (low privacy score). However, if in few days this activity is absent, malicious agents can be interested and infer that the house is empty and is suitable for theft attempt.  In this case we give (higher privacy score)

3-	The statistical model that is used here is “Anomaly detection algorithms”. That’s because we see that (sensitive data) are generated by (private events) is closely equivalent to statistical anomalies. This kind of data is by nature more important and holds more knowledge so they are more valuable. Hence privacy risk. 
So our algorithm reached this flow diagram:   [ Private Events> Sensitivity> Anomaly Detection> Privacy Scoring> Privacy preservation ]

At the end, an alert is sent to the user in case of privacy risk and only secure data are sent to the internet. 

A Proof of Concept (POC) for this idea can be achieved in around 6 months using the following milestones that imitate the real life scenario:

1-	Code simulation for the data sensors (smart meters) > R or MATLAB coding > 1 month
2-	Build the statistical model by tailoring existing packages > R > 2 month
3-	Testing the results against NILM intruder module > 1 month

Market analysis showed that there is no mature solutions in this area and EMC can dominate this market using RSA powerful portfolio leveraging (RSA security Analytics) or even have a specific tailored solution. 

1-	Promising Market for EMC/RSA
2-	Achieve privacy in IoT network
3-	Cost efficient solution that leverage existing technologies in an innovative way

