EMC Credits to Customers based on Installed Base and/or Internal Qualification
The new commercial models suggest the "use it for free" for "n" days and then take a decision to buy it. This model is like our "try & buy" but we are missing some link between the choice to "try".. give to the customer the sensation of freedom to do it w
The way in which actual business starts with new generation of entrepreneurs, is with trail or "free credits" as AdWords, Amazon, etc. Any kind of benefit that you can get for free is a positioner in this competitive era of IT that you can reach at a "click" of distance. It could be supported with my other idea of free training by .ORG portals of education. Some services could be very high positioners of future business like workshops, assessments, cloud or collaboration tools. It is better as a consumer that I have the power to select, based on reward points or credits, than feel than somebody in person give a gift of free service or PoC.
We can start an analysis based on SALESFORCE registry and let us know the customer that they "win" some rewards points based in their actual EMC Federation installed base. The accounts rep of this account can know this available rewards points and let us know the customer the way in which they can use. Selecting an strategically portfolio for us and let the customer select in which moment they can activate it, it could be workshops, some service in vCloud Air, RSA (Israel hacker center), etc.. It is more easy for a customer select a service that maybe they can reach for free with us, but they will feel the sensation that they really is using their points and we are not giving a gift of non-realistic workshop, they can use to for Syncplicty quota at some time and then pay us when they use all the reward point.

A web page of EMC will be created with products and services that customer can "acquired" with these points. Feeling free to do it in the moment that they considered the right moment for their business (maybe pushed in an intelligent way with EMC account team). In my experience I use it in an emergency when my web page will loss the domain or I need a specific service that I can acquire by some days in a free trail, then passed the time I pay for the service because I see the benefits. With no people involved in the process or feel it pressure by a sales team. The catalog will be very strategically.
Starting a campaign about how our customer will be beneficiated with "reward points" based on installed base and start other campaign in specialized forums and magazines with "credits" as today did Google. A web page of EMC will be created for it
