EMC Education on .ORG for free and wide access
In this new era of IT, all the interested people that are looking to expand their knowledge, look at first time for free and excelent training on new .ORG sites likes coursera.org, edx.org. EMC Education could introduce some free training on this .ORG to 
I am a frequently user of these .ORG free training portals like an option to know about IT things and other particular interest to be training for principal institutions. When I tried to look for something related for cloud and big data, my surprise is that  nobody (IT/HW/SW leader) does not have  training in this portal that is highly used for new generationss. My customers know about these kind of .ORG portals (corusera, edx..) , and they are not "fans" of EMC campaign of free training, they are not very enthusiastic about this courses because feel that entering in a EMC.COM training will be always oriented to buy EMC technology. They not feel it as an "open" training.
Position EMC education at less in one .ORG (like Coursera.org) free education portal with some of the actual free training in our customers portal. If you look right now in these portals, there is a lot of options but nothing about IT enterprise brands. Only universities. We could be the first and for some time the uniques to post our training (somo strategic training for new CxO / IT / Staff / entrepreneur guys) and know all new techonologies with the EMC approach.
EMC can give courses for EHC, cloud, big data, 3rd platform, Internet of things, convergence, hyperconvergence, security, document intelligence… or give a series of trainings in order to reach an "specialization" for the people in the other side of the screen. Maybe is the opportunity to give our "star" training of fundamentals in this portal to be taken as a relevant option by this enthusiastic people that are looking by itself to learn more about the technology. In my experience, these people are more interested to learn more than the people that have to attend the course only because the manager buy the training.
Introduce an EMC University section on Coursera.ORG or "like".org principal portal for free training with high standards of trainings. EMC will reach a lot of potential customer across new class of training that all people are using in this days. 
