Healthcare Patient Treatment Decision Support System
To support doctors to take their decision on the type of treatment to be carried out to a patient
There is no single point of analyzer and treatment decision support system availble to the doctors world in order to make right decision on the type of treatment using the historical vital data and disease patterns identified with their successful treatment results.
This has multiple components such as Treatment Base, Disease Pattern Base, Family History Database, Historical Vital Information Store, Lab Report Feed, Real time vital input feed, Data-Event Correlation Engine, Real time In-memory Grid, Pattern Identifier / Generator.

Whenever a real time vital input happens, the vitals will be ingested into the Real Time In-Memory Grid, then the Pattern Identifier / Generator will pull the family history of the patient from the Family History Database and it also pulls prior vital information of the patient from the Historical Vital Information Store. Then pattern identifier pushes this into a Data-Event Correlation Engine where-in this vital capture event will trigger data analytics part of the engine where-in it gets similar pattern of vital information with the disease pattern stored in the Pattern Base and if there is a match it correlates the treatment that was given to the patient when that particular pattern got generated. It also gets the treatment’s end result to that patient along with the patient’s family history. Then it provides all possible treatments with the end result to the doctor’s “Treatment Decision Support System”. If there is no matching pattern for the vitals captured, the data-event engine will invoke a Std. Clinical Decision Support system to get the vital targets and generate a new pattern with a disease status as normal.
The Treatment Base will have the disease pattern and the provided treatment along with the end result of that treatment for each pattern id. These disease patterns were stored in the Pattern Base with a unique id for each pattern.
The pattern base will be fed by Pattern Identifier which pulls data from various sources such as Family History Database, Historical Vital Information, and Treatment Base. 
Pattern Identifier is the central bus to connect to various Healthcare Integrated Platforms (HIPs) collect information in order to generate a unique pattern using the respective HL7 TCP/IP Adapters.
Data-Event Correlation Engine which will trigger a data analytics job in order to do the treatment decision input to the Treatment Decision Support System whenever there is a real time vital input or Lab Report input event.
It would be real break through the Healthcare domain with real-time Treatment Decision support system.
