GRLO Version 2.0 (A new approach to Global Reverse Logistics Operations)
Reverse Logistics is inevitably moving towards globalization and away from the patchwork of regionally organic processes we employ today.  We need a vision and global model that will define and scale value recovery from our reverse logistics operations
Over the past year Project Granite has been focused on improving the necessary visibility and coordinated messaging to increase the return velocity of FI01 field inventories, as well as “Mechs” and “Swaps”.  In addition, “Contrail” and “Cumulus” have provided a path to a common, lower cost manufacturing and test-bed platform for both internal and external factories.  Increased concern over the need to quarantine returning supply (Kaspersky report), cleansed product returns along with country of origin, new/Like new flags, and the ability to capture additional revenues has created the perfect opportunity to evolve the reverse logistics/supply chain operations.

A successful Global RMA Ops Group would be run out of GPO, most likely Logistics (leveraging packaging, delivery operations, and import/export compliance), and control the day-to-day recovery, reconditioning, and dispositioning activities for all EMC product returns worldwide through preapproved ITAD vendors.  This group would leverage policy, production, and partner relationships dictated by GPO operations (Logistics, Test, Sustainability, Supply Base/Vendor Mgmt – similar to the GEM/GSCM relationship), and in accordance with EMC GRC compliance.  They would manage their P&L and be the responsible “one throat to choke” for the quality, consistency, visibility, security, and profitability (scrap/sales) of the returns material supply chain.  Their goal would be to own and manage the regional reverse operations according to a global design, minimizing cost and risk, and maximizing the financial value of the return operations supply chain.
Create a single operations group responsible for managing reverse supply chain operations, leveraging structure and guidance from Global Logistics Operations, Test Operations, and GSCM for improved inventory control, asset velocity, utility, and installed base accuracy
This proposal would remove receipt, test, teardown, and disposition operations from the internal/external factories, allowing them to focus on the manufacture of current and future product platforms, while consolidating current and older, lower volume test/re-test operations within a network of strategically managed ITAD vendors. Leveraging the core competency of the RLO vendors would allow EMC to focus resources and control output providing pretreated “clean” supply for further revenue support, offsetting additional raw stock purchases.  This group would disposition excess or quarantined materials away from the factories through agreed upon processes of cleansing, scrapping, and/or resale operations. This approach is complementary to the desired spread and adoption of the SDM (Software Defined Manufacturing) stack this includes “Cumulus” (Product Testing) and “Contrail” (Product build/processing) as it would leverage these applications.

A successful result would be the creation of a single global organization, controlling the efficient recovery of EMC assets from the point of consumption to the desired state of disposition, including P&L, scale, security, and the cleansed output supply.
