TUPPERWARE FOR RMA DAE'S: REUSABLE PACK FOR KATINA/D15 DAE RMA's
Creating a reusable pack for RMA DAEs could save EMC US $250K/year, with additional savings opportunities in Europe. In addition to the cost savings, this reusable pack will simplify work activity on the production floor by leveraging the supplier and pro
This idea came about after interviewing James Edwards, Process Engineer at Apex during the course of RMA simplification project work.  We know from past experience, returnable packaging makes sense if the geo is same continent, there is volume, and particularly if return freight is addressed.  Once we figured out 5000 units per quarter were being shipped, it seemed like a good idea.
The solution is to design a reusable pack for RMA singles and possibly a multipack created to meet average order number. The reusable packs can be either long-lived (i.e. 5 years) or finite multi-use (i.e. use 5 times before disposal). A pack designed specifically for RMA DAEs will eliminate the accessory box space that is currently not used, make the packaging smaller and cheaper. A multi-pack could be created to accommodate the average number of DAEs in a return order – reducing material cost and handling costs while increasing TCE. We could also reuse the inbound pack for chassis with foam if they are not already consumed by the existing process for Data Domain chassis Apex to the CM in Texas (Cork to CM Cork too).The process to manage the reusable packs can be moved to the packaging supplier, as is currently done with the reusable rack packs. 

By being an RMA pack, the largest hurdle for reusable packs – the need to ship to and from a customer – is already overcome. Under the current system, 20,000 units at $20 each is $400K annual spend on the packaging alone. If a reusable pack costs $40 each and we reuse it once per quarter for 4 quarters, the proposed costs would be 5,000 units X $40 = 200K annually. This offers a 200% ROI in the first year on packaging savings alone.  Factoring in transiting the packaging management to the supplier, EMC will see a labor savings of $50K annually (20,000 units X .1 hr each X $25 = $50K). Overall, the first year of the program will show $250K savings. If the packaging is designed for more than 4 uses or cost less than $40, the savings will increase even further. 

Success for this project would be the creation of one or two different reusable designs (single and multipack) that saves EMC money in materials, labor, and drop ship from the packaging while increasing our customer satisfaction with the returns process. 
