BIAS (Backup Integrity Assurance System)
This world beating product will exceed the expectations of our customers and EMC business units.  The product will drive out operation costs and has the potential to save customers large amounts of money from missed SLA's and audit penalties.  The product
After manually picking 300 random hosts out of the customer CMDB each quarter  and performing 300 "test" restores of  tmp files  we started thinking of how to automate the process to save on level of effort. We  also have SOW's that state EMC Managed Services are responsible for making sure that data that was backed up is recoverable and not corrupted.  Myself (Kelly Mills), Truman White, and Balachander Gadikota began writing shell scripts to automate as much as possible.  We are able to automate the random selection of hosts and create Networker command line restore strings to automate the process and collect the exit codes for validation to the customer.  This reduces some effort but is not the ideal solution. 
The idea is to build a purpose built appliance(vm) that can be installed in a customer environment that (1)continuously creates random test  files on the appliance , (2) writes (via restore) the files to random hosts, (3)then turns around and backs up the files from the hosts, and (4) restores the files back to the appliance. It validates the checksums of the files that were created to the files that were restored. This checks the success rate of the backup/restore operation (end to end infrastructure health testing)as well as the integrity of the media the file is being written too and restored from. This solution keeps track via an internal database the files/hosts/checksums/success rate/error codes..etc of all the operations and presents back to the customer a realtime dashboard of their environment.  The product would have settings to choose specific hosts, number of tests..etc.. The VM would have backup application agent libraries so that it can be used with multiple products.  
Success is continuous testing of the backup/restore environment.  EMC Managed services would save money due to reduced LOE. The customer has the potential to save money on compliance penalties due to being proactive about data protection and integrity.  E
