Connected Commuting in Bangalore

Bangalore the Garden city has grown into an IT City offering millions of Citizens of our country with job opportunities. This exponential growth has created a need for multiple modes of Travel which is predominantly on road.
Due to many mode of travel like public transport, auto rickshaws, taxi's , individual vehicles , are adding to a pile of traffic, causing pollution, stress to everyone travelling across Bangalore roads.

It is said that an average of 15% of an individual life is being spent in travelling. This calls for a need in looking to possibilities of using existing infrastructure to ease the travel and contribute to a greener Bangalore. 

This solution is to work towards connecting multiple available means of transport to ease the travel for the Citizens of Bangalore.

Bangalore has the below mode of public transport
1. BMTC Transport
2. Bangalore Metro
3. Rail
4. Auto or Taxi 

The solution will work as follows
1. Connecting the 4 means of transport to travel smoothly and safely. 
2. 4 Railway lines of Bangalore currently not even used 50% of its capacity can be leveraged to connect 4 directions of Bangalore 
   i.North - Yelahanka, Devanahalli near BIAL Airport 
  ii.West - Yeshwanthpur
 iii.East - KR Puram Railway Station
  iv.South - Electronics City
  v. Central - Bangalore Central and Cantonment
  These lines can be used for public transport as they connect to many parts of the Bangalore City
3. Bangalore Metro
   i. Byappanahalli - situated near KR Puram Railway Station
  ii. M.G.Road - situated near to Bangalore Central
 iii. Peenya Metro - passes via Yeshwanthpur
  iv. Malleswaram Mantri Mall - situated near to Bangalore Central
4. Connectivity between Bangalore Metro and the Rail lines can be achieved using BMTC Transport or Auto forming a network of Transport
5. Time, Fuel, Pollution can be controlled and minimized by improving the connectivity of Public Transport.

An Example route explained below -
1. A Citizen has to travel from Yeshwantpur to Electronics City - Time Taken -45 Minutes
   Direct Train from Yeshwantpur Railway Station to Bommasandra Railway Station
   Major Traffic Junctions Avoided - BEL Circle, Hebbal, Nagawara, KR Puram Railway Station, Doddanekundi, Silk Board
2. Electronics City to Kempegowda International Airport
   Time Taken - 60-90 Minutes
   Step 1 - Bommasandra Railway Station to Hebbal Railway Station.
   Step 2 - BMTC  
   Major Traffic Junctions Avoided - Nagawara, KR Puram Railway Station, Doddanekundi, Silk Board   
3. Peenya to Mahadevpura - Time Taken - 45 Minutes
   Step 1 - Bangalore metro from Peenya to Yeshwanthpur
   Step 2 - Yeshwanthpur Railway Station to KR Puram Railway Station 

