Method to improve VPlex performance using XCOPY throttling mechanism.

While working on XCopy and Vplex.


Proposed Solution:
-----------------

1.With respect the problem statement 1, 2 & 3 the proposed solution is to have priority based initiation of XCopy operation at VPlex. The Priority can be defined in 3 different ways, say:-

a.High
b.Medium
c.Low

2.With the above implementation the biggest advantage that can be achieved is :-
a.It will lead to application critical XCopy operation being performed first and the least used or least critical XCopy operation being performed at last, which will lead to great user experience.
b.With the above implementation the performance at VPlex level can be boost up making/Queuing the XCopy operation based on the utilization or based on the VPlex incoming load.

3.With respect to the problem statement 4 & 5 the proposed solution is to have an intelligence of XCopy process control at VPlex level. The implementation could be by provide the Control of Pause/Halt or Stop operation at VPlex level, which would result in  
a.Great User/Customer Experience, where a customer can go ahead and Pause/Halt the XCopy operation when there is High application traffic.
b.It will provide greater flexibility to the customer having a control at times when he/she wants to stop/halt the XCopy operations in between.
c.At times it will prevent to get rid of the ESX hang issues, when a User would have a flexibility of Stop/Halt/Pause the XCopy operation at VPlex level.
d.It will be a win/win situation at both VPlex and VMware level when this flexibility is being provided at VPlex level.

4.With respect to the problem statement 6 the proposed solution is to have Status window at VPlex UI level say :-

a.% Complete
b.% Remaining
c.Bandwidth utilization 
d.Time taken

5.Which will :- 
a.Lead to a greater Customer experience, since he/she would have greater flexibility of making decision based on the status shown at VPlex level.
b.It will provide a greater flexibility to the admin by having Current ongoing Progress of XCopy operation.


References ->

For Detailed Description, please refer to the link ->https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-106811


