cPulse - Customer Sentiments in Pocket
A solution to robustly analyze customer sentiments with a backend Analytics program, 
probably sensing the pulse and delivering it through easily consumable Mobile/Web 
app is discussed. The solution would leverage existing analytics framework available 
while including methods to pull hot spot feedbacks.

Also solution describes a system and method to disseminate and influence EMC 
stakeholders at the click of a button to improve TCE.

Was thinking about this idea for sometime. Read through other inventions, Steve Jobs 

while introducing iPOD said "1000 Songs in a pocket". To improve TCE, we need "1000 

sentiments in a pocket". Some of the data/reports could be confidential. We have discussed about what would become as a Mobile app and what would become a web app in detail.
The Solution describes Operationalization & Simplification of customer sentiment analysis

Crux of the idea: 

This system address two set of problems.
1) Simplification:

    There are various dots (data/databases/excel/webpages/OPT) available within EMC. 

Connecting these dots will provide a way to PULL the data from listening posts 

instead of they pushing them all. For eg: if we know HYPERMAX OS/VMAX 3/SE 8.0.0 is 

released from any of the dots(probably new webpages mentioning these releases). A 

text analysis on emc pages to figure out new releases would give us this data. This 

data would be feed back into the PULL engine, so it could listen of the new release 

related tests here HYPERMAX OS/VMAX 3/SE 8.0.0.

    Another example is customer is shipped with a particular product, how does he 

react to a new product or version. Text analytics on "Customer name" and the "New 

Product Name" could give us hints. Not all the time but we could end up with a hint.

The above are just examplee, likewise there would be lot of other use cases which 

would help us PULL data. All those would be incorporated into this system

2) Operationalization

    Proposed system is a Client/Server system. Simplification will be carried out in 

the sever system. The client system will help Operationalize this by bringing in the 

Customer sentiments to pocket.

For eg: Top 10 tweets of happy customers in a week, is a good data to be 

disseminated to the Social Marketing team to positively impact TCE. The Mobile app 

will generate ALERTS for areas where the customer is not completely happy by 

analyzing the customer feedback. Alerts will not give complete information, just 

pointers for TCE team to look deeply in those areas.

-> Simplifies the way we listen to customers without affecting quality of feedback
-> Greater power to Influence & Disseminate customer feedback to EMC stakeholders positively impacts TCE
