Leverage Tableau Software to provide BI and Analytics of EMC NAS Stack(s)
Relevant to the Global Solutions Challenge in that my idea leverages state of the art analytics capabilities of Tableau and combines opportunistic enhancement of existing EMC (CEE – Common Event Enabler) and potential partner (Tableau) and open source (MongoDB) software to deliver an end-to-end BI and Analytics solution.
I had been evaluating Tableau’s Analytics software and came up with the idea when I heard Jeremy Burton mention Tableau as a potentially important partner in the BI and Analytics Space. I chanced upon MongoDB connectivity to Tableau while watching a Mongo World seminar. Thus the idea of a CEE connector to Tableau was born. I’ve since discussed the idea with my team mates Ajit Bhagwat and Frank Caccavale.
My idea uses a building block and loosely-coupled connectivity paradigm to solve the problem. It takes advantage of the fact that the EMC Common Event Enabler (CEE) is an existing and modular event publication framework for NAS Stacks such as VNX and Isilon in the EMC portfolio. Recently CEE has been utilized to leverage services from partners in the audit space such as Varonis and in the event correlation space such as Splunk. Given that CEE can be utilized as a mediatory framework to provide connectivity to events from existing NAS stacks to partner software, it is natural to speculate whether CEE can be utilized to connect to Tableau. Turns out it can with targeted enhancements. CEE can export events to a NoSQL scale-out database such as MongoDB and customers can utilize MongoDB’s connector to Tableau to import and analyze EMC NAS Stack events via Tableau’s Analytics in multiple timeframes. 
If the idea was fully incubated, it would create a connector for EMC NAS stack events via CEE to Tableau. It will afford our customers an easy ability to leverage Tableau’s analytics to examine NAS events and behavior in or near real time. It will make EMC's NAS products establish a better competitive edge by partnering with leading Analytics and BI partners such as Tableau. CEE could also provide these services to other NAS stacks in addition to VNX and Isilon product families. The CEE connector could also be used to leverage services from other partner software.
