EMC is 5S zone

5S is the name of a workplace organization method that uses a list of five Japanese words: seiri, seiton, seiso, seiketsu, and shitsuke. Transliterated or translated into English, they all start with the letter "S".

The list describes how to organize a work space for efficiency and effectiveness by identifying and storing the items used, maintaining the area and items, and sustaining the new order.The decision-making process usually comes from a dialogue about standardization, which builds understanding among employees of how they should do the work.
The 5 S's
There are five primary 5S phases: They can be translated from the Japanese as Sort, Systematize, Shine, Standardize and Self-Discipline. Other translations are possible.

1. Seiri (Sort)
Remove unnecessary items and dispose of them properly
Make work easier by eliminating obstacles
Reduce chance of being disturbed with unnecessary items
Prevent accumulation of unnecessary items
Evaluate necessary items with regard to dept/cost/other factors.
2. Seiton (Straighten or streamline)
Arrange all necessary items in order so they can be easily picked for use
Prevent loss and waste of time
Make it easy to find and pick up necessary items
Ensure first-come-first-serve basis
Make work flow smooth and easy
Can also be translated as "set in order"
3. Seiso (Shine)
Clean your workplace completely
Use cleaning as inspection
Prevent machinery and equipment deterioration
Keep workplace safe and easy to work
Can also be translated as "sweep"
4. Seiketsu ( standardize)
Maintain high standards of housekeeping and workplace organization at all times
Maintain cleanliness and orderliness
Maintain everything in order and according to its standard.
5. Shitsuke ( sustain)
To keep in working order
Also translates to "Self-Discipline" meaning to do without being told
Additional S's[edit]
Other phases are sometimes included e.g. safety, security, and satisfaction. These however do not form a traditional set of "phases" as the additions of these extra steps are simply to clarify the benefits of 5S and not a different or more inclusive methodology.

Safety
The phase, "Safety", is sometimes added. There is debate over whether including this sixth "S" promotes safety by stating this value explicitly, or if a comprehensive safety program is undermined when it is relegated to a single item in an efficiency-focused business methodology.

Security
The phase, "Security", can also be added.[citation needed] To leverage security as an investment rather than an expense, the seventh "S" identifies and addresses risks to key business categories including fixed assets (PP&E), material, human capital, brand equity, intellectual property, information technology, assets-in-transit and the extended supply chain. Techniques adapted from those detailed in Total security management (TSM) or the business practice of developing and implementing comprehensive risk management and security practices for a firm’s entire value chain.

