Predictive Analysis and Data Visualization on Student Data

I teach robotics to the students of this age group and has tried out this with them a lot of times. I have seen them coming up with wonderful patterns and analysis every time they work on it.
Contest frame work:

Form a team of four with one student each from grade 9,10,11,12.
 
The responses and the ideas formed by the different age group  is varied from the ideas formed by same age group.  

With this contest we are trying to draw an analogy of big data and cloud from the IT world to the school environment what the student’s best understood.

Provide the following Datasets to the students:

Dataset 1-  The attendance report of 10 students for 10 consecutive years. from Grade 5 to grade 12 and 3 years of college.(This data can be manually generated or could be obtained from any school's student Information system)

Dataset 2-  A list of important events for a year. (Student Birthdays, Parent Birthdays, major exhibitions, school parties, important sports days like fifa world cup finals, Major exams date, some important movie release dates such as harry porter - this data can be manually generated )

Downsize the dataset to reduce the complexity.


1. Visualization Challenge.

This Challenge goal is to visualize the attendance data to provide in a informative, beautiful, or surprising way.
We are particularly interested in visualizations that contrast or compare.
Visualizations may include  animations, interactive websites or static graphics and ideally should reveal new or interesting trends and patterns.

2. Prediction Challenge. 
Here the goal is to find out a behavioral pattern about a student’s tendency to miss the school, also to understand how it changes from when he/she was at grade 5 until he/she is in a college.

This dataset could be manipulated / changed based on its ease of generating them. 

Another example of dataset could be student score cards for grade 10,11,12 and the their choice of subjects in the college.

Logistics:

A laptop / desktop with internet connection. (We can leverage school labs for this.)

Datasets

Dataconverter tool: http://shancarter.github.io/mr-data-converter/   - this tool helps in converting the data to useful html/json/php/xml formats to use with any data visualizaton tools.

Data visualization tool: IBM's Many eyes - http://www-958.ibm.com/software/analytics/manyeyes/page/create_visualization.html

or 

any other tools such as google chart tools or wolfram Mathematica which the school and the students are familiar with.           


