An Application Cloud Technology for VCE/VSPEX converged architectures

I have been working with this development team of this technology and we have been looking for applications of this technology with EMC that made sense.   This is an excellent use of EMC and GINA Technology and can help both parties enhance revenue opportunities.
The Global Information Network Architecture (GINA) is an environment that use an entirely new approach to: 1) Optimizing the use of existing systems; 2) Providing extensions to those systems; 3) Presenting information to other systems and users from existing systems; 4) Maximizing the reuse of existing data and systems, and even; 5) Creating new uses and systems that interoperate seamlessly with existing environments.  GINA utilizes a System of Systems executable data modeling of systems, device interfaces, applications as objects.  To configure the environment application a designer builds the interoperability information object model with relationships to those models and then is provided access to those systems. GINA is innovative, conceptually-advanced approach for implementing any type of Systems-of-Systems behavior that is SIMPLE.   That acronym breaks down as Systems-of-Systems as Information Model-based, Plug-and-play, Linguistically-described Executables.  GINA-based Systems of Systems solutions use domain-appropriate, non-procedural  descriptions for rapid, verifiable, extensible interoperation development.  It is a configurable interoperability environment.  Most changes can be made through configuration or standard component extension.   While some of the concepts of this technology are abstract, the technology requires no coding and has an excellent history of being deployed in the most complex environments in rapid time.  As an additional benefit, this technology runs in several Virtual Machines and could be deployed in a VCE or VSPEX design.   While the GINA technology does not require big data technology, it can utilize big data systems or data lakes to enhance the application.

