Augmented Reality Apps - To visualize, showcase, educate and promote EMC products to customers and provide guidance to EMC personnel

Lately, I've come across many companies or individuals showcasing their products/services via Augmented reality. Since it so radically different from the traditional approach, customer experience is enhanced many folds. And this has been one of the major contributor for my idea.
Develop augmented reality apps which enable customer or EMC personnel to explore and understand the architecture, underlying components and even capabilities of an array. The apps can be divided into two categories - Customer centric and Employee/Field centric.

Customer centric app, would focus on the cosmetics and architecture of the array - Can have features such as 360 degree view, zoom in & zoom out, show info regarding the different components (DAEs, PS, SPS et. al,) and how they fit in and function together. It may also allow customers to customize the array; assemble and disassemble major components (eg: adding/removing DAEs, add/remove modules), as per their requirements.
The app can help customers to visualize how the array(s) and/or other components would look like in a datacenter (how much space they'd take up and/or how they'd fit in with the current infrastructure) well before the actual array(s) or other components are installed in that datacenter. This way customer could plan in advance on the space required, cabling/power requirements & installations, or any other infrastructure related requirements.

Employee/Field centric apps would be more focused on the internal architecture of the array - how the internal components fit, provide guidance in identifying and replacing faulty parts (display step by step instructions for removing/replacing parts), give info (configurations, caveats, warnings, cautions) regarding different components and how to handle them (eg: how much an SPS weigh and how to hold them).

Customer/Employees just have to point a mobile device's (on which the app is installed) camera at the array and/or the concerned space/area and instantly get details/guidance/assistance about the point of interest (see customer or employee/field centric segments) 

Please note, these apps doesn't have to be restricted to EMC arrays. It could feature any number of products/components/techonology which make up a datacenter - assisting customer/employees well in advance on what they wish to achieve in the datacenter.

The app will also allow customers/EMC personnel to provide real-time feedbacks, requirements, suggestions and priorities about the product/technological solution proposed.

