EMC for STEM Education Support App
This idea is for the Utah COE Challenge directly, and attempts to solve the problems mentioned in that challenge. Specifically, connecting local teachers, advisors, and VEX Robotics team coaches to available support from EMC employees.
I have been thinking of the idea and building on it, changing features and abilities, over the past few weeks for the Innovation Challenge for the Utah COE Challenge. I have not been working with anybody else on my idea, more just brainstorming to myself and writing down what I believe to be important for the app. I am the robotics intern for EMC Utah and have therefore learned a lot about the VEX Robotics organization, how it works and what their needs are. 
The application can be used on Android and iOS devices, but is also available as a web application. I believe this is important as many would prefer to used their computers for the application, and then have the mobile app when they are on the go.  The application connects EMC employees to STEM support opportunities need by teachers, advisors, VEX Robotics team coaches, and event partners. For short I will refer to non-EMC employees as STEM educators throughout my description. Event partners are those people who work with Robotics Education & Competition Foundation to put on all VEX robotics competitions that occur. There are about 11 or 12 of these in Utah, and they can always use volunteers to help with local VEX Robotics competitions. The application will work as follows:

1.The application opens with only a login or registration option. This way users will see the information that is relevant to them, but cannot see any information without registering an account. This is for security and personal information purposes.

2.EMC employees will register using their @emc.com email accounts to validate the registration and automatically fill their profile details with skills, location, etc. from their Inside EMC profile. Employees also have the option to manually add skills that may not be on their EMC profile but still applicable to STEM education.

3.Others can register as a teacher, advisor, VEX team coach, event partner, or other STEM educator. 

4.The application will work by allowing both EMC employees and STEM educators to publish opportunities as follows:

i.STEM educators can post a request or need they have which EMC employees can fulfill. Such as a presentation, mentor, a volunteer work for a STEM activity. They will post giving simple and short title for the request, the location, date & time if applicable, and a short description. There will also be a field that STEM educators can add applicable skills, using the same list and autocomplete feature of skills in Inside EMC to assure that skills aren’t misspelled and can match to those of EMC employees. Also important, is a field to enter the number of people needed for that specific request. For example, if the request is volunteers for a VEX competition to set up the field after each match, and they need 3 people, the published request does not disappear until all 3 positions have been filled. (If the request is partially filled, the app can also show those EMC employees who have already volunteered, this can boost motivation for others to join in)
ii. EMC Employees can post STEM support offers that they would like to do, or be more involved in. Having this feature will motivate more EMC employees to get involved with STEM education by doing it in a way in which they prefer. They can publish such STEM education support offers like a presentation on a specific/general subject or topic. They can publish an offer that they would like to be a mentor for a VEX Robotics team, or that they are available to be a judge/volunteer at a VEX robotics competition or a STEM camp.
5.All EMC employees and STEM educators registered on the app can see all published requests and offers.
6. The application also offers filters for those looking for specific types of published requests/offers.
7. Communication between EMC employees and STEM educators, as well as fulfilling STEM support opportunities, occurs in the following manner:

Fulfilling a STEM support opportunity occurs by way similar to a two way agreement or virtual handshake. 

Step 1 – EMC employees post an offer, or STEM educators post a need/request.

Step 2 – STEM educators can select an EMC employee STEM offer and click an “I’m Interested” button to notify the EMC employee, or EMC employees can select a STEM educator’s request or need and click an “I’m Interested” button to notify the STEM educator.

Step 3 – When an “I’m Interested” button is clicked, a small message field opens allowing the interested person to include a small message to be sent with the ‘interest’ notification.

Step 4 – Interest notifications are sent directly to the EMC employee or STEM educator’s email, with the interested person’s message and auto added email address for the publisher of the request/offer to return communication. (*There should also be an inbox or message center for each person registered within the app, allowing people to communicate only within the app if they choose not to use their email. Though notifications can still go to their email, they can opt to not send their email address with the ‘interest’ notification, implying they prefer communication through the app only)

Step 5 – After communication back and forth, giving more details about the published request/offer if needed, if the publisher then accepts the interested person to fulfill the published request/offer, he/she would then need to mark it as “fulfilled” by the person they have accepted. Only the person who has published a STEM request/offer can see the list of those people who have clicked “interested” for that request/offer. This allows the publisher freedom to communicate with each and then choose the person they see most fit to fulfill the request/offer. The publisher marks the request/offer as “fulfilled” but clicking fulfilled by that person they choose, who is then notified as being chosen, and the others are notified that the request/offer has been fulfilled by another.

Having step 5 allows tracking requests/offers that are fulfilled (and unfulfilled) for reporting purposes. The app can track such data as how many request/offers have been filled/accepted, and much time has elapsed until a request/offer is fulfilled. The app will allow viewing requests/offers that have already been fulfilled as examples of what have been accomplished, and also as examples of what they can request/offer themselves. Each person’s registered profile can track the STEM support opportunities that have fulfilled. There can be a page in the app, or possibly even better, a page on EMC Utah COE’s subspace on inside EMC which shows employees progress of fulfilling STEM support opportunities. This can motivate and boost employees to contribute to STEM support, by allowing them to see how many, and which, STEM opportunities they have fulfilled, as well as their peers progress. 

The app will have another section, which is not posted or published STEM request/offers, but rather a list of upcoming local public STEM events. Just being present and participating in STEM events and activities will help support STEM education in Utah. 
Regarding EMC’s close ties with VEX Robotics, vexrobotics.com does not contain info about local events, rather it has more info and the VEX Robotics kits/parts. Robotics Education & Competition (REC) Foundation is the organization which oversees all of the VEX Robotics teams and event. They host a site (robotevents.com) which shows all past and future VEX robotics events. Data from this site can be used to post local VEX Robotics events on the app. For other local STEM events, the Utah STEM Action Center posts upcoming STEM activities and events, and data from this site can be used to post other STEM events/activities on our app (from stem.utah.gov).


This application can greatly benefit STEM education support in Utah. A measurment of success is simply tracking how many employees publish offers to help STEM education in some way, and how many published STEM edu needs/request by STEM educators have been fulfilled by EMC employees. Another measure of success could be the average time elapsed until the STEM request/offer published on the app is fulfilled. Faster average times meaning quicker responses from EMC employees to support STEM educators and students when they need it. 
