 Fast Geographic data dispersion - A Better Answer than RAID and Replication for geographically distributed  cloud storage

 The idea came up from studying different compression and channel coding techniques. I was thinking of a far sighted approach that can withstand the huge growth in order of magnitude of the amount of data produced globally


 Traditional RAID approach : 

Traditional storage arrays use a RAID architecture to protect data and maintain availability when there’s a problem, typically data corruption or a drive failure. Data is spread across the drives in the RAID set with parity information added to the data in order to facilitate its recreation when a drive fails. This parity data expands the RAID set by 25% to 30%, typically. 

Drawbacks :


Proposed Approach :

Use Erasure Coding + information Dispersion:  

parse a data object into multiple component parts or blocks. Then, somewhat like a parity calculation, it expands each block with some additional information to create a more resilient superset of data.  

With a mathematical algorithm operators can use this superset to recreate the original data set using fewer than the original number of data blocks. Compared with traditional disk arrays using RAID, which can lose only one or two disk drives, information dispersal can provide many more times the level of resiliency within a single disk array.

Benefits :

-	High tolerance for block loss without losing data.
-	information dispersal :  data blocks can then be distributed or “dispersed” across multiple disk arrays or storage systems in a single data center - even across multiple data centers - to give the protection that RAID and replication-based architectures were meant to provide, but without generating two or three (or more) additional copies of data. This also eliminates the processing and bandwidth overhead generated by replication.
-	Geographic Dispersion : When replication is required between data centers, like for DR purposes or content distribution, geographic dispersion can spread this same superset of data blocks between physical storage systems around the country, or around the world. Compared with RAID and replication schemes, this process significantly reduces the amount of data that must be copied and transported, producing dramatic cost savings in storage capacity, processing power and bandwidth consumption

Geographic Dispersion is especially valuable in cloud and web-based applications which handle very large amounts of data stored in multiple physical locations. 

This idea can also employ different channel coding techniques to be applied on the data level

COPETITIVE ANALYSIS:

The scale of storage expansion required by the cloud may be rendering traditional RAID and replication storage infrastructures obsolete. The latency introduced with large RAID rebuilds is unacceptable and the capacity, processing and bandwidth overhead these legacy systems need is just too costly. For use cases such as Software as a Service (SaaS), social media other large, web-based applications, object storage with erasure coding and data dispersion can be the enabling technologies that eliminate RAID’s inefficiency and provides the economics required to make these business models feasible.



