Use of barcode scanners in plants to populate data bases with part specific data attributes from vendors/suppliers

This idea came to my mind while speaking with my Director (Herb MacLeod. I mentioned to him in my previous job I had implemented similar scanners but that was for one small shop floor of 100 employees, we used to send the data of the material used to the purchasing team sitting upstairs, so they know what material is being used in what quantity and when is the right time to place the PO to avoid stock outs. i agree that was on a small scale between just 500 employees, but if we cans cope out this idea and get our suppliers involved, we can save, time, money, resources can be available to do productive activities than data entry. 
If we work with the suppliers in getting this information associated with the barcode on each part OR kit, we ate EMC just need to use bar code scanners to scan this information which will be linked to master data, so instead of the user manually imputing weight OR cost related information the, the information is auto populated into the tables. We can get a accurate number when it comes to weight associated with a product or even the cost (say standard cost for example). we will not only save time of the user (in the plant) to manually input this data, but we also improve data integrity and real time availability of these attributes in our system. This will take a lot of talking and collaboration with the suppliers, but once that is figured out we no clean real time data for use right from plant level to the sales team. (After all weight must be playing an important part when it comes to the cost of the product). There can be more attributes that we can get from the supplier that can help us improve business and add value. Collaboration with Vendors, some bar code scanners, linking the scanner to the system and its done.
Other approach can be use of RFID's, but becomes a costly affair, we will spend more money in RFID's than what we can save.

