Mingle: Automated Networking
Automating communication and configuration between all EMC CTD products eases deployment and reduces the need for support intervention. Extending existing communication protocols allows this idea to be implemented and bring value in less than 12 months. Making CTD products aware of each other and their capabilities enables further automations within the product stack – such as provisioning protected storage.
On April 22, 2015 Mark observed that discovering EMC storage devices should be as easy as Apple’s Bonjour, where devices on the network (printers, other computers, media players, etc.) automatically appear on the screen of a MAC connected to the same network. Since the inception, we have occasionally discussed possible implementations and implications of this idea.
Enable EMC products to automatically discover each other on the same network, providing enough detail to aid in connecting systems together with minimal administrator or support effort. This would be achieved by building a service on top of existing multicast protocols, such as zeroconf or UPnP, adding additional information and value that EMC products would leverage together.  Once EMC products automatically discover each other, this information is made accessible to applications that currently require manual entry of connection info to those systems. Initial deployment could be an independent service packaged with every EMC product or separately downloadable for existing customers. Each product would independently begin to leverage this information in future releases, still gaining access to products that have made no other build or release changes. For example, VNX configuration could use information about DataDomains it found on the network to automatically provision protected storage.

https://inside.emc.com/ideas/3517
Automatic discovery and configuration would differentiate EMC products in a competitive market. Our customers would benefit from a more cohesive product line that takes less time to install, configure, maintain, and achieve their intended business use cases – resulting in lower operating expenses. EMC would benefit from reduced installation and integration effort by removing manual linkages between multiple EMC products. Customer support would spend fewer man-hours resolving configuration issues due to “human error.” This value-add can promote product sales when customers experience how well our products work together.
