Real Time analytic and anomaly detection as a service using distributed log collection and processing framework

We have implemented the similar POC for EMC India Mash-A-Thon contest to show how distributed log collection and pattern detection can be done by performing Hadoop (MapReduce jobs) analytic. Also, we have shown a case study,where a particular issue raised by a customer was resolved in 13 days, but with this approach to reach to the same conclusions it just takes couple of minutes. 
Also, in 2013 EMC Knowledge Sharing competition the paper on the same idea "Analytics on BIG Fast data using real time stream data processing architecture" was awarded and published.
The proposal is to have a real time log collection pipeline to collect logs from various clusters/modules and perform real time analytic for immediate error/anomaly detection. We suggest distributed fault tolerant log collection framework which can collect logs from various sources(various products/servers). We can perform mainly two actions on this log stream. 

1. Perform co-relation across different logs from different sources. Perform distributed time range search to find any potential issues in collected data (Manual Detection).

2. Perform automatic classifications of the stream to find anomaly . ( Automatic Detection)
 
There are various technologies available for log collection and storage , indexing & search and also for various classification use cases. Based on that we can have either Push or Pull collection framework , where for push cases , source system can push log streams and in Pull cases, Logs stream can be pulled from Source.

Having a collection system in place, we can build a parallel indexing and search infrastructure which will enable us to perform Manual detection of errors and can be used as learning for real time fault detection. Also we can have a real time or offline classification system in place to classify the log files based on known error patterns(sequence based/threshold based/Threshold based/Time based) in the data. This will take care the Automatic detection of anomaly. There could be a feedback loop from Manual detection to Automatic Detection(feeding the learning to the real time prediction system) which will enrich the classification process further to detect with better accuracy.

The architecture diagram is uploaded @ https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-100138

