Process Initiative - Experience the TCE through consintent system - ONE EMC

I am a technical manager for DPAD and a part of Escalation management team and I interact closely with Field, accounts, Escalations and engineering. It has always been a situation where only Support, field and escalation management team takes the heat of the situation against where the development who is responsible needs to evaluate and feedback accordingly to improve the overall business. By implementing an idea of adding an extra field of escalation level we are passing he message of he impact that it can have on the business as ONE EMC. We don't have to convince any team of the business impact, TCE and sense of urgency required. For Instance, When we have a ticket with S1 -E1 all the stake holders are alerted of the situation except for the CPE/Dev/Engineering team who should be the primary team to be informed. When we log a ticket with Dev we tag the ticket as S1. The Dev team follows a Bucketing system which is round robin fashion i.e., FIRST IN FIRST OUT. In support s1-E1 is always higher than a normal S1. However an S1 remains an S1 with Dev irrespective of the situation until they are informed.  By including a field of the escalation level in the system with Dev, we are passing a message of the urgency/business impact involved in the situtation. This will help the dev team to prioritize the situation. This system will help the DEV team understand that they need to prioritize a S1-E1's against 30 sev1's i the system. If we implement this system we can show it to the customers that we work as ONE EMC and enhance our marketing strategy. Nothing offensive but lets face the situation to enhance TCE as ONE EMC rather emphasizing the situation across the teams to reach our targets.


CONCLUSION:

BY IMPLEMENTING ANOTHER FIELD IN THE ESCALATION DATABASE WITH DEV/CPE/QA/ENGINEERING, WE ARE FOLLOWING A CONSISTENT SYSTEM ACROSS EMC TO UNDERSTAND THE PRIORITY/URGENCY/MONEY INVOLVED/CRITICALITY/ OF THE SITUATION AND ENHANCE THE TOTAL CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE.
Having said that the escalation levels are just with the support, escalation and field teams, the true ownership becomes limited. When we say "ONEEMC" the system has to be consistent throughout. For example, an Sev1 in support works the similar way in CPE/Engineering team. However a S1-E1 does not work the similar way with support and CPE/Engineering team. Fact being that engineering does not understand the code E1-E4. Being a part of escalation team driving TCE I always thought that everyone remain the same shoes. By implementing a consistent system throughout the team we ensure we are speaking the same language. For example, there might be a situation where we log in 30 S1's ticket requiring assitance with CPE/Dev team . However CPE does not understand the sense of urgency inviolved since they follow a bucketing system. If we include a field of escalation levels involved we done need to alert the CPE on the sense of urgency/Money involved in the situation. My thought here is that we are not ONE EMC when we don't have a consistent system in place across teams. When its a E1 with Support it needs to be an E1 even to CPE Teams.

