Efficient Triage and quick RCA for better supportability of cross-product solutions
Triaging an issue in a complex multi component system is at the heart of supportability. The idea supports an effective way to quickly analyse issues when multiple products are involved in customer solutions. This addresses the various challenges posted and targets the challenge of debugging complex solutions.
The was initiated in an ideation forum in the team. Other 3 more members were involved and the idea was added with examples and data points during brainstorming sessions. The idea was elaborated and different possible implementations discussed and productization of the same was also discussed.
The solution to this involves primarily two parts... The first part is to implement an error propagation mechanism from one product to another connected product. As an example, from Symmetrix backend to VNX gateway as front end. The error propagation can be standardized and both product register themselves to an engine which collates and arranges the error chronologically. This error reporting can itself be driven for industry standards. Then its just a matter of reviewing the errors from different products and the original cause can be easily found out and routed to the right team. The second part is to integrate this mechanism to a product similar to ViPr which manages the entire solutions. It can intelligently arrange the errors chronologically, even predict failures in front end product because of backend errors, help route a symptom to a cause and route the issue to right team for resolution.
Error propagation from one product to another product and a easy routing of the issue to the right root cause would be the success criteria for this. Coming from Embedded Apps, currently multiple products are being embedded on to the Symmetrix. Error propagation is critical to be able to route issues to the correct teams for faster turnaround time. 
This improves, troubleshooting speed/accuracy/scalability.
This helps to prevent and predict failures based in the intelligence in the error reporting and collation engine.
It reduces the number of customer contact points by helping route the problem to the right time very effectively and quickly and engages the right team for supportability,
