EMC Federation - We go where no one has gone before

This idea was developed through brain storming sessions; The TV show Star Trek is used as a underlying theme to bring in excitement & interest
The idea is to provide an immersive, stimulating challenge that encourages high schoolers to participate.  The concept is to have the challenge revolve around the famed Star Trek series, where the Federation encourages voyages of star ships to take up missions to explore strange new worlds, new lives, and new civilizations; To boldly go, where no one has gone before. Structuring the challenge with this kind of a message, stitching in elements of STEM, and EMC’s focus areas like Cloud, Big Data & Trust, a compelling preposition can be built.
The challenge can be spread over several weeks, with the structure as follows
Phase 1: During this phase, the STEM coordinator ‘recruits’ children for the federation academy, as cadets. This is where they begin their adventure maneuvering through various STEM theories / practical sessions, group activities, and puzzles. A successful cadet will demonstrate ability to solve mathematical brain teasers, understanding of core science theories and designing survival solutions, key for vital missions on board a STAR SHIP. Foundation knowledge around each aspect of STEM should be delivered in a fun, non-intimidating fashion to sustain and generate interest. Students leverage science inquiry, engineering practice and mathematics as critical training for their progression as Cadets in the federation.
Phase 2: Phase 2 would be   to consolidate & provide opportunities to step up on the rank (designation), much like action / racing games. We would have an online interactive portal, with interactive assignments which will need them to find clues , search google, solve jigsaw puzzles, to get the answers; Each time they achieve a higher threshold score, they win a title. Depending on which aspect of STEM they are doing better, the titles can reflect that, and give them an opportunity to discover, what they are naturally good at.
We could also have a mobile quiz app, with separate sections of STEM, and the cadets will have an opportunity to place against each other, and the winner gets badges and titles which can be posted to the social media, and the online profile of the cadet on the website as well. The quiz sections while having the fabric of STEM, will make it interesting by moulding the questions in such a way that it makes it interesting using the underlying Star Trek theme.
Phase 3: The final phase would be to applying the knowledge and carefully interwined learnings from the earlier phases to understand, appreciate & potentially solve problems in a stimulated environment


