State of the Art -- Real-time Inventory Tracking

Idea came from daily Inventory work.
Asset management is an essential requirement in all three EMC manufacturing plants. Every quarter there is a large amount of time and human resources involved with commodity counts within these plants. The counting of commodities (e.g. disk drives, power supplies, memory boards etc...) is physically carried out by scanning each individual item within each facility. This count is only a snapshot of inventory and is not real-time.  The idea behind the proposed solution is to simplify and automate inventory tracking. The proposed solution can track each individual commodity item in real-time using Ultra Wide Band (UWB) wireless technology. This technology is low cost and widely available on the market. The proposed system consists of small active tags, which are placed on the item. UWB wireless receivers are placed around the factory floor to build a 2D or 3D map using the software which is included in the package. A representation of the environment is created in real-time using triangulation at a frequency determined by the user giving inventory tracking in real-time. The result is high security and all equipment which is constantly monitored. The entire floor map/plan can be subdivided into individual zones. Unauthorized equipment movement to a certain zone is highlighted on the map. As an example the active tags can be integrated into disk drive carriers or even the actual drive, meaning that all drives are now monitored in real time against loss or theft clearly showing the advantage over using ordinary RFID technology.  The system does not require much maintenance and is easy to maintain /setup. The energy harvesting technology from light, heat and vibrations eliminates the frequent changing of batteries.    http://www.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/70f1ce7bc1.jpg Figure 1 -- (3D view of the floor plan tracking items)   Proposed Features ۢ Track and view object locations in real time. ۢ Search for objects by name and/or type. Use wildcards to locate groups of objects. ۢ Display found objects in a list. ۢ Select objects in the list and zoom to their location. ۢ Pan, zoom, and rotate the map view. ۢ Hover over object to dynamically show Name or Serial Number. ۢ Customize map styles at design time, including colors, icons, representations of objects and map lines. ۢ Supports multiple connected clients from a single web serve

