Sixth Sense for IOT devices
As the IOT device proliferation happens everywhere, there should be solution to assure the device is operating in normal condition for the given context. IOT devices push data to cloud/central place and apply machine learning to tune the effectiveness of these devices for their task. In most of the cases, there is no usage of combined learning about the context in which the device is operating. So, the devices often end up with learning from single source. Efficiency and effectiveness remain scoped to that single device or single type of device. This would pose problem as there is only one point of failure as far as security is concerned.
In one of the idea mining session, we discussed this idea. 
The solution is simple to implement and in overall it increases effectiveness of the device and the cloud control mechanisms. In this approach, before making the decision to perform tasks in the device, the sixth sense engine built for this purpose will combine many devices recent event/logs mechanism to arrive at the given decision. It evaluates the context in which the device is operating and takes input from as many devices possible to arrive at the decision.  
For example, in case of temperature control device, the decision to increase or decrease of temperature is performed based on the user profile, user usage pattern or based on the room temperature. Instead of relying on single device, the solution would use temperature input from the multiple temperature devices, heating system, water and freeze alarms, etc., can provide feedback on temperature. So in order to take decision on the temperature control device, the solution would consider these different devices  temperature data to increase or decrease the temperature. The same model can be applied in different scenarios and will become reliable sixth sense technology.
As the number of devices increase in the ecosystem, more unattended control mechanisms are necessary and may need solution like this. Using the adaptive authentication's risk engine we should be able to build initial prototype. We should be able to  build more sophisticated engine on the initial work.
This could be a product in IAM, built on the ideas from adaptive authentication system. It could become different product line and provides smart authorization engine to solve customer problem for IOT function authorization.
