Wills as a Service

At 40+ I still don’t have a Will.  In part it’s the cost, and secondly the requirement to get independent witnesses.  You can’t use family members and you really don’t want to impose on friends.
I had the genesis of an idea several years ago, but it’s only been in the last 3 years since I joined EMC that I’ve mapped out how it could work.  Plus the continued expansion of mobile applications make this something that could be simple and cost effective for everyone.
Additionally, the whole Angry Bird economics ($1 per App x 2 Billion downloads) makes me think there’s a massive opportunity here.
Note, there’s also a bigger Phase 2 opportunity - but need to have the relationships with the Banks and Customers first.

One of the biggest issues with creating a valid Will is having independent witnesses.
This solution uses the Global Banks Branch network to solve the problem of independent witnesses.  It also ensures the integrity of the Will by linking it to a customer’s Bank information.  Banks will be able to charge customers a nominal fee for this service (or wrap it into existing bank fees).  If EMC charged $1 annually Banks could double this to $2 and make 50% margin on limited investment. 
The solution will need to be a true standardised XaaS model within particular countries.  The only bespoke aspects will be the link between a user’s Bank information and the external EMC hosted site where the Will data is stored.
How it Works
1.	Solution is based on providing a simple app that covers the basic requirements for wills.
2.	The app is downloaded from a user’s Bank website to enable matching by the Bank to the users Bank information.
3.	The user populates the various fields in the app eg. Beneficiaries, provisions for underage children and then saves.
4.	The form is uploaded to the Bank and acknowledged back to the User.
5.	The user then attends the Bank (by appointment or other arrangement eg. specialised ticketing in Bank queues) 
6.	User signs Will in front of Bank Tellers (electronic signature) who counter sign
7.	Will is saved and link to electronic copy provided to User
8.	User is able to access via a link from their Bank Website


