EMC Predictive and Analytical Talented Diversity allocation
By implementing this idea EMC should remain and take a higher place in the global great place to work. Also will be able to identify the required talents to join EMC. Moreover, will ensure to have a higher utilization of all the talents being recruited in a more diverse topology. 
NA
The idea is to provide trending and analytics to both the Employees and HR from 2 different perspectives. Upon establishing the fact that we have different Data lakes that can be bound with real time analysis backend tool and a customized frontend user interface (For HR and Employees). Employees always attempt to plan their careers with their managers within the Framework of HR rules and regulations that apply to the corporate worldwide. Linking the Education Center, Identity portal, innovation roadmap participation (Vs the ideas selected to finals per employee), as well as Career Vacancies and ongoing projects volunteers vacancies. Having the previous data lakes within the corporate worldwide within one analytical tool (utilizing the Federation power with Pivotal DB analytics and Virtustream hyper cloud solutions), will enable HR to locate upon will with the latest real time analytics and candidates suitable for the required function or position within the company based on a holistic view of the Employees performance from different aspects. The analytical tool can have different equations which with different weight on every data lake stream to fit the positions requirement. For Example, if the required talent is needed for a managerial position the tool will be able to put high weights on data a lake that shows leadership skills, past managerial positions, and certificates. HR can have the best fit to the position from a worldwide perspective. From the Employee’s and mangers perspective it will show the employee that people who have filled the position before most required certificates and development areas and what are the positions that they’ve reached so far. This will enable the employee to manage her/his career with more information available. The tool should also be self-learning from employees trending and skills acquired Vs needed. The tool be fed by the required skillsets in light of an acquisition or technology direction, thus both Employees and HR are aware of the challenges ahead and can develop their talent or search for the talent in risk free process, with the maximum statistical probability of diverse team within one EMC. 
Designs the career path for EMC employees .
Improve EMC place in the global great place to work.
Attract the best fit talents.

