HR Challenge - Diversity and Innovation at a Great Place to Work
I am from Nepal and I work for India CoE. I have experienced the diversity of two different countries. The way of approaching a problem differs drastically. I have slightly different opinion of bringing about diversity at work place.
When we join the corporate world for the first time we are not much aware of how tough the job would be! But once you are on the role, you will eventually find areas that interests you more,your passion. I have come across such discussion with my colleagues.

 We might want to make sure that a team has a good ratio (may be predefined ratio) of young & experienced mind, females, different country origin, and combination of diverse Business units. For instance, I have seen good coders in CSS who if good enough should be allowed to move to engineering before they lose interest without much restriction. Just because of some bond a person should not be restricted to follow his passion. People from CSS might have good knowledge of Customer Expectation that can be integrated into product with his own code.


When different responsibility or bond is levied upon employee it might so happen that he would not find time for his passion. Consequently, he would lose interest. He might keep following the same role which makes him incompetent for his passion role openings. Disadvantage would be EMC might lose a passionate mind which could be used in some other field and gain 99% benefit rather than 40-50%.

I believe Youngsters who just come out of college have more wild ideas and think out of box capabilities. They are not much aware of ways to handle the existing problem in a corporate world. Hence they find their own way to overcome hurdles & eventually innovate stuffs.These minds when work as a team will give diverse ,rich and hybrid innovative ideas.

I am sure EMC can enhance products, look for new technologies, gain full benefit from an individual employee and much better customer satisfaction using one of this many available ways.

