SOCIAL recruiting and talent attraction system. 

This Idea came out of the fact that Social networking became one of the essentials of our daily life. I consider it the best option for communication and information sharing across the globe. This is why we should always seize this opportunity and benefit from it.  
The idea mainly revolves around creating a strong existence for EMC Egypt on all Social Networks. Mainly Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google+ and WhatsApp.

This existence will aim to use each Social network effectively to Market EMC as an employer and create a marketing campaign that will attract talent. 

The cost of such system is relatively very low. 

Using such an innovative system in our recruitment system will allow our customers to have faith in our skills, talent and business development. This will also encourage them to trust EMC solutions and ensure that they will be in good hands. Generally it will effectively contribute in Promoting the EMC brand.

Using Facebook: 
Facebook can provide targeted advertisements which can allow us to target individuals and groups using demographic information, such as age, gender, location, education, interests or industry. Also finding groups and participating with posts and comments. 


Twitter hashtags:
Using Twitter hashtags to spread the news and to follow the latest discussions. Create a list of followers and grow it. This allow our news and job listings to spread to reach out to the palm of our targeted talents. A lot of people out there still don't know who is EMC. 

Using LinkedIn , Google+ and Whatsapp : 
These Social networks are also available and can provide a great opportunity. 


This idea can be developed further more to include the following:
1.	Market EMC courses and certifications. 
2.	Create Innovation Competitions. 
3.	Market other products. 
4.	Create an opportunity for new product ideas to be born, may be end user      products. 
5.	The success of such system will allow EMC to demonstrate its capabilities and contribution in the 3rd platform world. Giving bigger customers faith in our Big Data and Social related solutions. 
6.	This idea can also be employed across all COEs in different countries using the same approach. 



