EMC Whazon App
This idea hits all aspects of the Ireland COE Challenge. It will promote communication through an App that provides the information people want at the touch of a button – benefits, services, upcoming events etc. 
By bringing together a team from across the Federation in Ireland to develop the app and possibly another to review the content, the collaboration we seek begins.  
We already have a lot of the elements of a great future workplace – this App begins to raise awareness and provide greater accessibility to that info for everyone. 
It is also possible to make the development of this app into a training exercise for people in platform 3 technology. 
Developing this should also be a huge opportunity for collaboration and begin to create the connections that will ultimately deliver greater value to EMC.

This idea came out of a brainstorming session organised by the co-ops
Our solution will provide the information that employees could avail of at the touch of a button on whatever device they use (phone/tablet/laptop etc.). Think of the power of being able to get the updates that you want when you want them easily. 
It’s a one stop App/portal for the following:
• Banking, pension, health insurance company etc. visits – when where and how to book
• Health & Wellbeing information – what screening and classes are being held – when where and how to book
• Community Involvement – what are EMC doing in the community – where and when and how could I get involved
• The latest special offers
• Information sessions on various topics 
• The latest messages from the Ireland COE and other corporate messaging could be added once the App has been established as a valuable resource for employees

The solution will be developed by a x-functional team from various parts of the Federation in Ireland that will further collaboration and also provide a perfect training platform for individuals to upskill to P3 technologies.

All these could provide links to further info which employees can link to as needed.
Success will be clearly seen in the uptake and usage of the App resulting in many benefits:

Employees will have the information they want at the touch of a button with knock-on take up of benefits, improved networking and career development opportunities thru involvement in the development of the App, upskilling themselves etc.
BUs will benefit by building connections to other groups as their team members participate in the app development or content review and happier employees able to leverage the great benefits on offer here
EMC will benefit by further establishing itself as a great place to work, the whole of the Federation in Ireland becoming greater than the sum of the parts, giving employees the opportunity to define their own future workplace
