EMC Transformational Diversity
This idea will help us to bring the diversity and inclusion with immense pool of talents with scalable skills across 2.0 and 3.0 platforms to make EMC a innovative place to work.
Idea History - Ever since i was in Engineering always had a goal about working/having an internship with a reputed companies who innovate at a world class  level and  Which develops the emerging technologies. Was very keen to innovate but however there were few companies which would help/train etc. 

Hence wanted to have such companies who also helps us to set up a platform for innovation  /train / and provide equal opportunity for every one and also those who consider diversity and inclusion plays a vital role in Corporate.
Leverage the existing EMC academic alliance program or Train a Trainer Program or create an EMC online University portal.
Collaborate with Universities and Colleges, try to have a course of EMC related products as part of college-corporate collaboration for about 3 months duration.
Make EMC products fundamental videos /PDF  available to them and train them to attain a fundamental level.
once completed , evaluate and divide them into different domains and train them towards transformation from 2.0 to 3.0 i.e EMC products/scripting/automation/application development and mobile platforms etc.with the help of  engineering team/technical teams  to deep drive into the technical aspects or leverage the GSAP program to have advanced level of training.


This helps us to have a immense  skills and talent and excel in the field of innovations  with scalable skills from 2.0 to 3.0 

Also this being a college- corporate collaboration we get to have good diversity and inclusion from  these programs.

In addition to above to be successful in D&I,  we can implement below strategies 

? An accurate and effective organizational platform.
? Internal Diversity orientation.
? Diversity and Inclusion competence and modeling by managers
? External Diversity orientation.
? Rewards that encourage D&I behaviors and D&I proficiency and modeling by HR
 
Overall this helps us to be a great place to work with diversity and inclusion with our transformation plan we can be a great place to innovate as well.
With College - corporate collaboration we can sell our EMC solutions and products,to Universities and colleges.
It helps us to improve a product and technologies by exploring with students and we can improve the product and add additional features.
Helps us to Advertise the EMC as a company and its products.
