Next Gen for Global Lab Resources Cloud

This idea originally comes from the case we met before like remotely power control. In our lab CS could huang during restart, and if that happened, remote user does not have anything to do to bring it back except asking for labman. So we think we could create a more useful lab machine management system. OSLMR comes from idea from Electric Business like Amazon to provide better user experience and effeciency to get what user want. OCRM is  try to assign user with more basic control over remote machine, not just view the statistics of it. and Automatic Switch Environment help to provide seamless sharing among users.
    One-Step Lab Machine Reservation(OSLMR): Same idea as a MarketPlace, like we need to make an order of a product in Amazon. OSLMR provide a panel with bunches of choice boxes to help user to get what they want, OSLMR recommend the machines in the worldwide labs. And provide the basic information like alive or not, normal or broken. So machines are not divided by pools assigned to someone, but they are divided by hardware or by the functionality to use, like data path or control path, SLIC related or disk firmware related. All the recommended machines is ranked by the degree of match.
    One-Click Remote Management(OCRM): Once user reserved a machine in OSLMR, OCRM provide some basic functionality, like ping SP, Remotely Power Control, Schedule ICA/Fresh Install. Here is several buttons listed for users to check and manage:
    1. ping SP/CS.  Present whether SP/CS is alive
    2. test Navi/nas. Present whether navi works on SP or whether nas is working on CS.
    3. Remotely Power Control. Powered on/off the SP or CS remotely. Sometimes SP or CS hung, remote user could not have control over it. Solution 1, Like PDU Servcie, we deploy new PDU device to provide the web service to have it power controlled.  Another solution like BMC, as we know it already has the functionality to control power over SP and CS. We could configured it and export its interface onto the web service by the tools like ipmitool.
    4. Specified Order. User in OSLMR may not have the recommended array fully satisfying his request. So he can make specified Order here. For example, He want an array with specified system (bundle)or enablers, request his order here.  If current system version is lower, use auto-ICA/Fresh Install to the target version. Else use upgrade command to the target version. At the front end, it decided which command to execute and tell server side. Then server receive the request and initiate the operation. The image could be fetched from Midrange or uploaded by user. So user does not need to  do it manually.
    5. Automatically Switch Environment. Based on point 4, this auto-switch is to help to provide continues serviceability of array among shared users. If user A from China need to test on a bundle BA and user B from US have development work on bundle B and they work on the same array. Auto-Switch is to prepare the user specified array environment before he use.  To better leverage the Lab resource. Shared user could decide an executive time for auto-switch to avoid any interruption.
    6. Link to Useful tool on array. Initiate the RemotelyAnywhere from here. So user does not need to manually open another browser.


