Lease policy for startup companies

As the release of healthkit in WWDC2014 we discuss the future about startups in relavant fields and suppose that EMC have strength in these fields because many medical organizations have used EMC's infrastructure.What we need to do is to build cloud service using this strength to attract startups.
This idea is to expand the EMC cloud solutions to startup companies. The startup companies probably cannot afford EMC traditional IT infrastructure solutions. These are our policies.
1.We can lease cloud infrastructure to startup companies. Startup companies may choose to use cash or stock shares as payment for the services or products. The minimum cash cost on IT infrastructure can be zero for a startup company if it uses the stock share as payment. However, this kind of company needs to accept our auditing to evade the market risk. This will attract users who plan to deploy their applications/services to Amazon cloud because they own the specific servers whose all authorities belongs to users. Besides, this will also attract users who plan to migrate applications/services from Amazon cloud to private IDC. All in all, we can provide the similar service even better than Amazon and the customers own their private physical server.
2.As most information about people’s health exist in hospitals which have used EMC’s infrastructure and service. We need to build the new cloud service with our technology such as cloudfoundry and ViPR and hydrid cloud solution and if startups use our cloud service they will feel it easy to access the information in relevant hospitals once they have got the users’ authorization.And this will be our strength comparing with competitors such as AWS or GAE.
3.Once the customers’ amounts of data increase they will recognize the importance of IDC and we can provide the smooth immigration service from cloud to IDC. If they still don’t need the IDC, we also spread our product according to this policy which is also significant.


