Real-time Recommendation Engine using Neo4j for faster Support Ticket Resolution
The idea proposed targets to increase the Supportability of the CTD team to quickly resolve customer issues and understand the root causes.
Knowing the power of GraphDBs, they could be used for multiple purposes. Idea is result of being exposed to too much of social networking sites & its technologies. 
The proposal here is to develop a Graph Model using Neo4j, creating relationship between Users, Tickets & products, use it in real time for recommending users to resolve a ticket as it comes and list all related contact points who has previous experience working on similar tickets.

How it works?

-	Create nodes of graph, like Employees; Tickets; Products; Features of Products. The nodes could be increased as required.
-	Create a relationship that exists between the above created nodes
o	Map Employees to the tickets ((user) - [: solved] – (ticket)). Sometimes a ticket traverses multiple groups due to various integration within EMC products, so more than one person can be involved in resolving a ticket
o	Map the tickets to a product group. If the ticket is getting reassigned to different product groups as a result of root causing, map all the relations. Ticket 1 CONTAINs VPLEX; Ticket 1 might also CONTAIN VIPR.
o	Now Map the Products to specific features where issue was found. 
o	Create a RELATIONSHIP between all the above nodes ( just as it is done in Social networking sites )
-	The above pattern mapping could be used in multiple ways for speedy resolution of tickets
-	Any new ticket coming in can be queried using Cypher language,
o	For patterns matching, similar issues that was reported previously. Support team gets access to the list of tickets, how they were resolved.
o	Gives a list of all associated Users that worked on similar issues
o	Give top recommendation on the contact points required for resolving the ticket

Technology Used & Designing the solution consists of,

1.	Data Modeling for the GraphDB. Text mentioned above gives a sample of how the modeling can be designed. 
2.	Use the existing ticketing system database, to extract the entities (ticket number; Users who resolved the ticket; products & features appearing in the tickets), required properties for the entities and prepare a normalized format to transform it to a GraphDB. Export it to a csv and import the data Using Cypher language. 
3.	Data is stored in Neo4j DB. Have built in Cypher queries to retrieve the data as and when a ticket flows in real-time.
a.	A new ticket can be queried for a pattern matching for a list of users that have resolved similar tickets in the past.
b.	A new ticket can be queried for all the associated similar tickets and all associated products linked with the issue.
4.	A simple Open Source Web UI using Bootstrap can be built for providing Search functionalities to the Users. 
5.	Develop the solution using 3rd platform microservices architecture and package this as a REST API, so it can be consumed by other services & other applications. 

Benefits 
GraphDB are used predominantly in social networking (like facebook,LinkedIn etc), it will be a great use case to implement this within the enterprises where is a connection between multiple products, multiple users having different skill sets & multiple issues. It improves the time taken for trouble shooting an application as it gives the list of related items in real time.
Improves Customer Issue Resolution times.
As requested by the challenge, the solution is feasible enough to be done in less than 12 months. 

