Leveraging Microsoft Lync, we can create an new touchscreen interface system called EMC Guest – link



My first day experience at EMC was a fatiguing one as I was new to the campus and was not guided correctly to meet the concerned person. This was exactly one year ago and since then I realized that there is a scope for improving the reception setup of EMC. This idea of ours can minimize the confusion for any EMC guests or visitors by routing them to the concerned person.
Leveraging Microsoft Lync and IT infrastructure, we can create an new touchscreen interface system called EMC Guest – link

EMC Guest - link can provide 3 simple functionalities: 

1.	Welcome: Visitors are greeted with an inviting, easy-to-use touchscreen system that represents EMC. 
2.	Identify: Visitors identify them-selves with a swipe of their photo ID or by typing their name on the touchscreen. 
3.	Connect: Visitors are then visually connected to the appropriate person via live video chat.

EMC Guest - Link can be a touchscreen interface that visually welcomes, identifies, and connects visitors to the right individual within your organization. Built on Microsoft’s foundation technologies, EMC Guest - Link leverages the power of Microsoft Lync for Video calling and call routing. 
So, you don’t need any special hardware or software beyond the front desk. 

EMC Guest - Link can make the connections you want...to individuals, departments or user directories. 

An administrative dashboard can allow you to add and change individuals and the way you want to connect to them easily. 

EMC Guest - Link can support a broad variety of deployment options to give EMC maximum flexibility. For example, EMC Guest - Link works: 

1.	With premise-based Lync Servers, Office365 or other hosted Lync offerings; 
2.	As a single system or in conjunction with other EMC Guest - Link systems with centralized management; 
3.	 As part of a domain or in stand-alone mode; 
4.	 Customized to fit your organization with just the screen(s), buttons, and workflow that fits your requirements; 
5.	Mounted to a desk, hung on a wall, inside or outside of your building, or, in a free standing kiosk;


