Integrated Array level  Non-disruptive Migration Solution for Pseudo-named devices 

Idea struck me while designing storage migration solution for one of the customer . Customer wanted to explore all the software non-disruptive migration option available with EMC . I had to  provide them various different designs for FLM , PPME , PPME + OR etc. There is very limited outdated  documentation available for PPME + OR  that further hindered the design work.On the  top of it , there is no single support matrix for these solutions .  Lot of effort and SA time was wasted in providing different designs .Single integrated non-disruptive package/solution would have made my  design life much easier . 
Federated Live Migration is migration tool that works with OR Hot Pull + PowerPath to spoof the identities and perform non disruptive migration .However , for un-spoofing the identities you do need a downtime .The other  problem is that it needs specific  hba drivers and support is very limited and  because of that it's hardly used. 

Another solution  PPME + OR that does copy at the array level but managed at the host level with PPME commands . It works on the basis of the pseudo-named devices  and swaps the underlying physical devices and does non-disruptive migration . PPME +OR has not been used extensively due to lack of knowledge , feasibility  and documentation . 

My solution/idea  is to integrate FLM with PPME + OR and come up with one solution that does the job well. 
1. One integrated migration  package that would contain FLM + PPME + OR Hot Pull code . For example, if the particular server's   remediation doesn't meet the requirements  of FLM support matrix  , we could give the option to switch to PPME + OR Hot Pull  and vice versa .That would give us the option of switching between FLM and PPME + OR within one single solution .
2. FLM has lot of different stringent considerations and dependencies like enginuity code , minimal epacks , FLM sessions , powerpath versions etc which are not there in PPME + OR. Similarly , restrictions of PPME + OR can be compensated by using FLM.
3. One single command at the symcli level like "symrcopy" or "symmigrate" with different options or switches could help a lot in consolidation and design of the migration .
4. Both of these solutions can work together compensating the restrictions of other  to serve single purpose of avoiding application downtime during migration cutover.
5. The solution could further be integrated with VMAX Unisphere GUI  with different customizations and options 
6. PPME + OR and FLM use OR Hot pull in the backend . A common automated Unisphere wizard could also be created to automate the OR Hot pull tasks such as discovering remote arrays , fetching device wwns based on masking information of servers  , zoning , creating pair file etc. 
7. This  solution  can also be integrated with  EMC ViPR SRM in future releases.
8. There should also be a single support matrix for PPME + OR  and FLM that would  help save  time and effort in migration.
9.There should be  one common license  for  enablement of  FLM + PPME + OR Hot Pull code.
10. There should be more focus and enhancements to the PPME + OR and FLM to make up for the unsupported features of each other.In short , these solutions must work together  rather than against each other.

