Virtualized Next gen training labs using VMware and EMC products

Through discussions on this challenge. Involved users: Nilesh Jain (nilesh.jain@rsa.com) and Rakesh Kumar (rakesh.kumar2@rsa.com).
1. Creation of cloud infrastructure using Vmware/EMC products
2. Creation of Virtual machines templates (Virtual lab environment) designed specifically for training courses
3. Integration of education services course catalogue with corresponding cloud accounts in vCloud director and service catalogue in cloud infrastructure
4. Automatic provisioning of pre-configured lab resources (VMs) to the student
5. Lab Security: The lab environment for each user can be network isolated using virtual networks
6. Lab Security: The lab environments will be completely isolated in a way that they can accessed over a virtual private network over the internet only by the student, but cannot be accessed directly over the internet.
7. Authentication Security: RSA Authentication manager's software tokens can be used to support mobile based authentication
besides this, SecurID can be integrated with VMware solutions to provide secure access to the students towards the lab services.
Another option for security can be to provide a VPN access to the lab services.
8. Secure provisioning options via RSA access manager or Aveksa

Creation of Cloud infrastructure: 
1. Cloud Infrastructure package:
VBlock - provides integrated cloud infrastructure packages, includes industry leading compute, storage, network and virtualization products. 

Expansion of cloud infrastructure and capacity management can be handled via EMC Ionix Unified Infrastructure manager.

2. Management of cloud services/Incident handling
VMware service manager - service management tool that provides best practices for cloud services management.

3. User access management and cloud service requests
VMware vCloud director
Helps in cloud user access management. Authenticates user identities, empowers users to request services and allows them to request for a service from service catalogue through web based interface. 

4. Security
Aveksa, RSA Access manager, RSA Authentication manager SecurID

