Road Map Innovation Application

having to wait to come to work to submit an idea
Almost all EMC Employees every year wait for the innovation Road Map competition. Employees feel that it is a great way and chance to express and be creative, being free to explore, and most importantly the feeling of invention, knowing that what one might think and come up with can be real.

So my idea is to make this available all the time, what I mean here is that for one to submit an idea or to join the innovation Road Map, one must be logged on their work laptops and connected. 

So why be limited for something that is supposed to be unlimited.

My idea here is to create an application for the Innovation Road Map, which can be downloaded and installed on EMC Employees’ Smart Phones.

Many of EMC Employees during the day are so busy and hung up on work, calls and daily tasks; they barely find the time to submit an idea, although there could be many in one’s mind, or even in my situation I come up with most of my ideas during my time off or after work hours.

So why put all those valuable thoughts and ideas to waste.

By Creating and using the application, this will enable employees to submit ideas at any time of the day, and not having to wait to come to work, and even avoiding the possibility of forgetting the idea till they are able to submit it.

The Application will have the same view and interface such as the innovation site, also each employee will have their own profile, in which they can log in to, to submit and view ideas.

Everything regarding the Innovation Road Map could then be divided into several tabs making things more simplified and friendly.

For Example: there could be a tab for all the Challenges available, a tab for the Rankings, and a tab with all the participants in the year’s competition, etc...

I believe that using this application will be a great way to encourage employees to submit more ideas and be more creative. 

Making everything possible and giving every thought and idea a chance to be real.






