Reduce power consumption by improving hardware, software and systems of by EMC products
The idea propose to reduce power utilization by EMC products through various approaches available.
The idea was created 15 days back while discussing with members on how power consumption could be optimized in EMC's context.
Our idea proposes a 2-stage solution at a Data Center level. Data center managers are fraught to juggle the business demands with budget limitations. They need more power optimized and environment friendly products and solutions. 

1. At the Software Level - 
     + Power management system inside Linux Kernel: EMC server systems usually work on Linux based 
         systems. Building power management systems within the linux  system (kernel) should be one of 
         the best practices to adopt: http://free-electrons.com/doc/power-management.pdf. This power
         management system should be placed behind an analytics engine which can guide power
         management system on workload pipeline prediction.  If the work load pipeline is sparse,
         immediately the excess hardware at disposal should be put to low power state.  In an active-passive
         EMC cluster setup, gain can be huge if passive node is put to low power mode (not switched off). 
    
    + Focus more on Virtualized product delivery: In the current industry scenario which is heading
        towards cloud solutions, work to deliver more Virtualized EMC product solutions where ever possible
       .This can lead to lot of optimizations with in the virtualized environment.       

2. At System Level -
   + Architect the EMC systems to accept direct DC current:
        Statistics prove that Data centers that use DC power distribution to the rack have been shown to
        operate more efficiently than existing ones operating on, and even at higher AC voltages. In fact DC
        has been used extensively in the telecom sector. Modify the onboard SMPS to take DC current as          
        input and step down according to the hardware requirements. This avoids AC/DC conversion from
        the system stage and improves efficiencies by ~28%.

    + Include power optimization practice with in architecture, development and testing:
       There is always a tradeoff between power consumption and performance. Lot of times we need
       choose between one of the above. But if an architect thinks on better ways to conserve energy by
       well placing the system + software architecture, developer is concious of creating a design which is
       efficient but less power hungry and  test team about list of practises, tools (powertop) to nail the
       power consumption issues, the products would be much better placed on what they are. Atleast in
       our testing experience we have not seen a test plan which talks to reduce the power consumption of
       a Purpose Built System.     

If the idea is fully implemented, EMC would be saving on power usage at our Lab to almost 30% resulting in saving money in our bills or can add more servers for the same power capacity.
