COE Leadership Development
The idea contributes significantly towards Work Place 2.0. It builds a workplace of the future through alignment of employees, career development and leadership development by upskilling our existing workforce with the skills required to become the stand-out leaders of tomorrow that the COE needs to be successful in the transition to the 3rd platform.
The idea has been refined from discussions on various COE projects including VEX Robotics, BTYS and the GSAP program in CS. Most recently during discussions with Olivia who has identified this need through the GSAP program and this submittal is a combination of our ideas.
This idea will bridge the gap between classroom learning and hands on experience for individual contributors who want to move in people management roles. 
The idea will be to target employees who have expressed an interest in a leadership position by making the move into management. They should have this recorded in their IDP’s and have registered or completed the MPP program through L&D.
These employees will then be given the opportunity to lead a COE project, such as the GSAP program in CS which requires a lead for a full time, 8 week engagement to provide leadership and coaching for up to 24 GSAP’s 
A Lominger competency profile of the leadership skills that employees will develop for each COE project will be provided.
Experience gained through key COE initiatives will provide hands on leadership skills in a high performance, results driven environment, typical of EMC’s corporate culture. 
The employees developing their leadership skills will have workshops provided by experienced manages to help them understand how to achieve results in the right way, in alignment with EMC’s values.
Individual contributors will make a successful transition to management with real world experience. It will not only prepare employees for a career in management but will teach them how to achieve results in a highly competitive environment in the right way. This will lead to future leaders that have the skills necessary to sustain our growth momentum in the Ireland COE as we transition to the 3rd platform.
