Diversity leading to Innovation 
My idea will help to measure the impact of the diverse innovation team to a non-diverse innovation team. This new tool will help to analyze the gender, ethnicity and technical talents in the existing innovation teams and the new innovation teams that will be created after this tool is out successfully. A suggestion for the name of this tool is "DiveInn". 
This idea came up in my mind when I wanted to check the educational/ technical background of the winners of last year innovation challenge winners. Specifically, the team who won RSA mobility and security challenge. Their idea involved wearable devices which requires the use of the latest technology. It would have been great to know from where this team got these skills/experience to work on this project. I still have no place to check the technology background of this team. It is really inspiring to see employees at EMC come up with great innovative ideas. There might be more employees who have such great ideas but they do not come forward thinking that they do not have the technical skills/experience/educational background. DiveInn will help to solve that problem.
I propose to create DiveInn where all innovators are provided a platform to collaborate globally. DiveInn will capture information like gender, ethnicity, existing technical skills, which new technical skills/technology experience you want to learn, educational background, leadership experience in or outside EMC, technical/professional certifications and any innovative ideas that you have.  It will have an efficient search feature that will enable innovators to look for other innovators with required experience/interest in specific fields. It will have an interface for innovators to connect with each other and form teams. Diverse Innovation teams will be formed based on a set of guidelines like keep 50% females in the team, have at least 2 different ethnicity team members (local or remote). 

By capturing the above mentioned fields will provide sufficient information about each other to start a conversation and discuss the innovation ideas. Local presence will definitely help to have face to face meetings but remote participation will give an opportunity to EMC employee to build skills to lead and innovate in any setting.  We can utilize innovation roadmap to build our database of innovators for DiveInn. Currently, innovation roadmap has several innovative ideas from innovators but there is no quick way to search which gender and ethnicity employee has got what skills/experience and is interested in learning which technology. DiveInn will be able to run queries to generate reports to compare on how gender/ethnic diverse teams are performing than non-diverse teams . It will be able to help build diverse innovation teams at a faster pace not only from technical perspective but also from gender and ethnic perspective. It will increase the participation of EMC employees in innovating all year along. EMC employees will be inspired to learn and keep updated in technology skills looking at each others profiles. By capturing educational background, employees will be able to see that a how people with diverse non technical backgrounds are involved in innovating and benefit EMC. DiveInn will be a great platform to build a culture of forming diverse innovation teams i.e. diverse in gender, ethnic and talent.  
DiveInn will be a success when more and more innovative diverse teams will start to collaborate and work on the innovative ideas. It will encourage employees to build gender/ethnic/talent diverse teams and HR will meet the goal of creating the culture to build diverse teams that are not only technically diverse but gender and ethnic diverse as well. And of course ,DiveInn will benefit the company as a whole because it will drive diverse innovation culture globally. 
