Hybrid Cloud and Full Lifecycle Planning
This solution extends and existing process, Regatta, and existing tools through the Hybrid Cloud. Creating a full lifecycle management process, from business case through sales and marketing, will enable all areas of EMC to work together under a single tool umbrella. 

After working with Greg Bertoni on the Hub, I realized that this same idea could be used for all groups in EMC. Creating a way to share data, without having to share tools is critical in our case. Moving teams to a single tool can be slow and costly, as well as miss key requirements of teams. Sharing information in a standard format, no matter the tool, allows us to collaborate without disrupting our internal process. 
Using Hybrid Cloud to integrate disparate existing tools into a larger life cycle management process (beyond just engineering) would allow both executives and project/program contributing parties to see areas of process failure. In addition, it would not require groups to consolidate on a single tool as our engineering, sales and support models must be different based on the type of product EMC is selling. 
The hub serves as a start for a collaboration of tools and different engineering resources. By increasing both the process lifecycle (reaching beyond engineering) and invited groups, we can more fully understand how we experience software/hardware development from an internal and external view. It is important for customers to interact with EMC PM in a scalable way; something not well met today. Imagine a world where customers can see their own Focal Point/Rally/Version 1 requirements with data allowed for them to see! 
Key Benefits:
1. Single process by which all groups use to deliver functionality to customers. This unifies engineering, support and sales, but also allows for individual process tweaks. As information is presented in the same format, communication becomes clearer to all groups. 
2. No forced single tool. The idea of a "one tool" - think One Ring from Lord of the Rings - is difficult to manage with Cloud, Hardware and Software releases. By unifying over process rather than tooling, we still communicate to each other and customers effectively. 
3. Single source of truth - from multiple sources. The biggest complaint from most groups in a software/hardware company is that they don't know where to go for current data. Using Hybrid Cloud allows for that single source of truth and encourages all groups to keep their portions up-to-date. 
