SalesInsight - deliver scientific insights to sales with big data analytics
Israel COE Challenge - we would like to introduce big data and data science solution to enhance EMC sales team performance and potentially uncover cross EMC products integrations based on sales history and customers usage (use case)
Global Solutions Challenge - by analyzing cross EMC products implementations we can suggest to existing customers (with similar profile) new use cases /usage based on other customers experience.
As a data science team in RSA we constantly dealing with number crunching to get interesting insights. Working on a project where we analyzed cross customers system configuration (fraud policies) we noticed that similar customers (same geographical location, industry and size) tend to create similar configurations. We thought that such information can help sales team better prepare for meetings with prospects by providing real live usage (and its success) examples based on our customer base.
Currently no any significant progress was made. 
We would like to consolidate various data sources about EMC/RSA customers into one repository. In the first stage we would like to collect information from the following systems: CRM, JIRA and operations logs (meta data sources). We will create browser extension which collects the information stored within the CRM (saleforce.com) and JIRA and sends the information to the shared repository. 
Using predictive analytics to analyze successful or lost opportunities, customer escalations and system usage statistics we want to pinpoint alerts (association rules) that can help sales team potentially close more deals more quickly.
Once SalesInsight is installed in a sales browser it will analyze the customer page, during browsing, and in case the system will have any interesting insight it will show a popup with the details.
At the end of the POC we will have a server with a data base which collect, aggregate and analyze information from salesforce.com, jira and operations logs. In addition we will have chrome extension to install on a sales browser. Once the SalesInsight implemented and sales team starts receives scientific alerts, we would like to collect feedback to see the percentage of the alerts that were relevant and helped in the following: enhance sales productivity, increase revenues, faster sales cycles, improve retention rates or reduce churn risk.
We would consider a success if at least 20% of the alerts were useful (got positive feedback) for the sales team in one of the mentioned above categories.
