A solution of power management for HW M&O
HW M&O include many features such as telemetry, PDU management. 	One of the challenge things is, the power management is still not intelligent in the data center,  it’s very important that more intelligent power management for M&O to make data center administrator’s works  simple and effective,  and Fine-grained power consumption management is essential to save cost in the data center management.
When using PDU to control servers in lab, it’s always a painful point that don’t know which server is connected to specific PDU ports except documents which may be out of date, and this info maybe is not updated when someone change the power connections. 
https://inside.emc.com/docs/DOC-155999
Provide a solution that can resolve problem above, Design PDU and Server’s PSU which can communicate with each other by power line communication. It can detect power cable status and collect attached device info such as Part number, vendor info, etc. these info can be delivered to PDU’s management and Server’s BMC management. HW M&O software can integrate these info to identify cable status, connections status, and build the power connection topology, the software also can schedule the tasks between servers to make server work at a proper workload, it’s as known as workload balance,  it can achieve maximum Energy Efficiency Ratio in this way.This method can extend to all kinds of other power unit such as UPS, PDB, PDP, etc. in data center, finally, the whole power connection topology will be built. 
1.	The new design can be easy to  build power topology between power components rapidly, don’t need manual operations, reduce the probability of making mistakes
2.	It’s helpful for lab or datacenter administrator to identify the server according to power connection in the lab. It’s easy for troubleshooting when facing problems and maintains power cable connections.
3.	Balance the workload of tasks in different servers to achieve the maximum Energy Efficiency Ratio based on power connection topology. Reduce the power consumption cost.
4.	Easy to be compatible with current design in industry, PDU and  server venders only need small change to be compatible with  new design

