Smart Ride for smart City using technology and data analytics
This idea can be able to in building efficient utilization of transport system with in the city limits.
Most emerging technology Data Analytics and big data can also be used to target passengers based on the frequency and mode of travel from season to season.

1. This is very common and very often experiences faced by all passengers when we use air lines/ trains. Its always certain that your flight/train arrives in correct time and board your cab on pre booked timings as per schedule.
--> What if my flight gets delayed do I have to cancel my cab which is already waiting at airport
--> Do I need to pay cancellation charges
--> Will I get next cab on my departure

1.Cab facility vendor should always get in sync with current train/Flight arrival departures. If any flight/train gets delayed the cab vendors should always get alert message for all of the bookings who are using concern air lines/train numbers.
So that pro actively cab transporters can cancel the current route and arrange for next available departure/arrivals.
2. Transport app must be in sync with all available airlines and train portals to make itself updated every second.
3. When the take bookings from customer they have to consider below as inputs.
   1. Passenger Name
   2. Mobile Number
   3. Airlines Name/Flight Number
   4. destination 
4. If Transport vendors can have database of different passengers across different air lines and trains, it will easy to do trend analysis and estimate passenger expectations.
This will be easy to target end customer and plan for smooth trip.
 

Advantage:
1.Cabs can be properly managed without cancellations/reschedules
2. Customer need not worry about calling vendors and requesting for cancellation and reschedules. 
3. Passengers doesn't need to pay cancellation charges and be informed about his arrival of his arrival at destination.
4. It may also cause decrease in flow of traffic and also fuel/communication charges
5. A central repository of customer data base and using big data/data analytics can always drive company in trend analysis of the customer requirement and design customized products
