Effective Utilization of Public transit system using Data lake solution.
We can use Data lake solutions to analyze the unstructured data of passengers and the number of vehicles in a public transport system. Most of the time it is either over or under used. If we apply data analytics technics we can provide adequate transportation system to the public during all seasons. For example the number of people using public transport system is different in different seasons (climate conditions and festival season).
I have got this idea during the data lake training and discussions.
Effective utilization of Public transport system in different cities during different seasons.

Steps involved are.

Data collection :

Collect passenger details and number of vehicles deployed in different cities during different seasons. This can be obtained from the public transport department.

Data Analysis :

Analyze the collected structured or unstructured data using the Data analytics tools.

As a result of the analysis we will be able to identify the city which needs more public transport system during a particular season.

Implementation of the new system :

Redeployment of transport systems on demand.
This will help in controlling the Traffic congestion and parking difficulties during off season.
Public transit systems will generate sufficient income to cover its operating and capital costs during all seasons.
Longer commuting can be avoided.
Environmental impacts and energy consumption : Pollution, including noise, generated by circulation has become a serious impediment to the quality of life and even the health of urban populations. Pollution can be controlled if we effectively manage the transport systems.
Accidents and safety :As traffic increases, people feel less safe to use the streets. During off season deploy only the required number of vehicles for public transport.
Planning and investment :-Public transport system department can plan alternative ways for commutation during different seasons and the profit can be invested for infrastructure development.
