A flexible working environment 
The idea focuses on building a workplace of the future. A flexible working environment with the option of hot desks, standing desk and exercise balls for chairs are options that are currently not available in the Ireland COE and perhaps is something that may be a part of the workplace in the future.
The idea was developed during a brainstorming session at the CTD Technology Day. There were eight EMC employees involved; Andrea Graham, Lorna Murphy, Caroline Maunsell, Philip O'Carroll, Robert Creedon, Conor Roche, Ivan Santry and Suzanne Considine.
Creating a “hot desk” environment where by individuals can work from any desk in the office means employees are not constrained to a single desk and they can move easily to collaborate with colleagues. Once their laptop is placed in the docking station, personalization features such as an electronic picture frame is visible where you can display a photo of your choice. Different types of desks would be in place for employees where options would include; tradition desks, standing desks or exercise ball for chairs. Employees would also have the option of working from home at their leisure. To also increase flexibly and collaboration in the work place meeting rooms should be altered in that they should be more expandable to cater for larger numbers and an improved booking system should be put in place to cater for large volumes of booking and prevent double booking.
The successful implementation of the idea would reduce costs in terms of desk space; a hot desk environment would reduce idle desks for employees not in the office, thus reducing the need for a desk for every employee. 
Employee morale would increase as commute time would be removed allowing for more personal time.
There is an improved means of collaboration among employees, employees become mobile and are no longer restricted to a desk.
Promotes a healthier workspace with the option of standing desks or exercise balls for chairs. 

