Cloud based communication enabler platform for IOT devices using REST , websockets and XMPP
The smart city challenge is essentially an amalgamation of various IOT devices and mining the data from these devices to lead a smarter life. By building an enabler platform we can effectively establish device -device and device-server communication. Once the communication among the devices are channeled ,combining the results from multiple sources and predicting / analyzing data will become more productive.
I have been seeing a recent boom in the IOT domain where lots of protocols such as XMPP, COAPP, MQTT etc have come up . They are light weight and efficient when dealing with IOT devices which require and demand very low memory footprint. I have been working individually on several IOT projects using Raspberry Pi and ardruino boards , but all of them have been mini projects and what they lack is a platform to scale up and efficiently mining of such real time data. I have been observing several products such as zettaJS by Apigee and Bluemix by IBM which aim at making the IOT space development a lot easier. Hence the idea to build a platform that can cater to a variety of IOT needs.
Many of the IOT devices today are working in silos or cater to small needs . There have been several attempts in making a ubiquitous platform but they are all domain specific and deal with huge amount of unstructured data. In our solution we will aim at having a platform that can 
(1) accept the information from sensors following the XMPP (Xtensible messaging and presence)protocol over websockets. 
(2) Have a software based controller that can send information to these IOT device using XMPP over websockets.
(3)Provide a framework to enable access to these devices using REST framework. This will help us in even discovering new devices using hyermedia.
(4)Perform data visualization of the power distribution occurring across the country in real time and gain meaningful insights.
(5)Integrate weather information with the platform to find out which areas can face power cuts due to bad weather.
(6)Be scalable enough to cater to other IOT devices as long as they are following a specified protocol.

If the platform is built, we will be looking at a platform that can communicate with any IOT device underneath. We will be floating in massive data and the analytics that can be performed will be truly insightful. The need for storage and recovery solutions is quintessential in such a platform / solution. This obviously means more money for EMC and better insights also mean a more satisfied customer. This would be a win win situation for EMC and its customers. 
