Analytics of indoor tracking systems
A big data solution that uses data generated from indoor tracking systems. 
basis of this idea came within a graduation project of close my friend Gasser Salem, we have been since discussing the idea and improving it over time , till we can implement it. 
The solution proposed complete solution design partnering with other companies and sold as a tailored solution (software and hardware ) or cloud based to Customers mentioned in the previous section. 

This Example is based on one large shopping mall 
1. Shoppers will enter the mall and will be tracked using wifi nodes ( this system already exists ) 
2. Users will be notified on their mobile devices via sms to download an application to their mobile phone. The App is a customer app for for the shopping mall , will help deliver advertisements ,  catalog based search of existing stores. Indoor maps with interactive directions (google maps like) 
3. The data generated from this system can be manipulated using our federation products in the following manner. 

      a. Isilon storage and Pivotal big data analytic solutions can be employed to store and manipulate customers position and footpath inside the mall. 
      b. many business useful statistics can be driven out of this data. 
         examples : number of customer entrance per store. most dense locations. studying customer's paths travelled within the mall. average time spent per store. Sales per store. 
      c. statistics later can be sold to the stores and help them improve their sales strategy. Help them orient their ads based on location and history.
      d. Analysis can also lead to identifying top spots that drive highest revenue , based on the mall can decide the optimum rental price. 
      e. Predictive analytics can be run to provide number of visitors per store / season / day / night time .. all this information is valuable to the stores and businesses. 



Success of this idea will enable EMC to compete in a market closer to end users, creating more tailored and innovative solutions leading to direct sales. 
