Smart Predictive maintenance and Self Healing in software defined data center(ViPR + EMC Storage Analytics + SRM + EMC data protection adviser). 
Resource utilization such as storage computing(CPU, memory), switches routers are increasing in modern cloud based data centers. According to some survey there could be 1 billion hard drives will be used in data centers by 2020.Overloading the infrastructure will lead to a QoS degradation and thus 
unfulfilled SLAs. Current software defined data center like ViPR don't have intelligence to detect and solve the problem that might occur in the physical or virtual resources. Predicting the failures in data center resources in advance will improve data center efficiency and reduce potential cost of operation.
During idea mining sessions.
We would like to provide an intelligence to software defined data center to predict and report the resource failures, performance bottlenecks, vulnerability in data protection. It consist of these modules. 
1. Data Aggregation 2. Analytic engines 3. Threshold/condition checker 4. Failure Prediction Reports/dash board 5. Issue resolver/preventer.

This entire frame work will run in a separate server. Collect the data from various physical and virtual resources and tag them. For this we would like to use SRM and EMC storage analytics engine to data aggregation and analysis. The analytic engine will report this the data from physical resources and Feed this data to Analytics engine which will analyze the data and compare with the predefined thresholds(condition based). If it results in meeting some conditions which are predefined it will report these resource failure prediction in dashboard. dashboard should contain the warning section and the actions that are taken for prevention. Integrate the EMC data protection adviser through rest APIs, so that we can alert the administrator for possible data protection problem also.
Reduce potential cost of operation, Optimize system resources management, improve data center efficiency. 
