RMA Server/UPS Packaging
This idea fits with the E2E Challenge because it enables the business to have an efficient, simpler, and scalable business practice.  By recycling in-shipped boxes from manufacturing to be used by the RMA group, EMC can avoid current and net new costs for expensive boxes (approximately $180K annually).  In addition, the process will enhance the company’s packaging sustainable program and save an estimated 24 MT carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2e) annually – an amount equivalent to the emissions from 2,726 gallons of gasoline.  

For the GPO Challenge, this idea fits the cost savings and efficiency criteria.  As stated for the E2E Challenge, recycling in-shipped boxes from manufacturing to be used by the RMA Group, the company can decrease packaging costs by approximately $180K annually, as well as reducing carbon emissions by an estimated 24 MT CO2e – an amount equivalent to the emissions from 2,726 gallons of gasoline.   

This idea came from work on the Scrap Initiative with the Controllership team.  Since then, we have already begun implementing the recycling of boxes between plants in Franklin, and will be monitoring and evaluating the projects outcomes in the coming months.  
This idea solves the problem of increasing costs for RMA packaging by enabling the company to avoid incurring net new costs. In addition, this idea goes hand in hand with our Sustainable Packaging Program and our 2020 goal in this area to optimize 90% of our high-volume outbound packs, as it will reduce the need for purchasing outbound FRU packaging (more expensive) to handle material for reprocessing or end-of life. Although we are unaware of other approaches at this point in time, this project is unique and innovative because it engages a cross functional team (RMA Receiving, Manufacturing, GBS, Sustainability, and Mechanical Engineering).  By engaging all of these groups, we were able to come up with a cost effective and sustainable solution.   
If this idea was fully incubated/implemented, it would be a sustainable and efficient recycling process rolled out to all receiving/manufacturing plants globally.  Success would be defined as a recycling process in which purchases of net new server and ups boxes were avoided by recycling the in-shipped manufacturing boxes to RMA.  This would benefit EMC by reducing the company’s carbon footprint while reducing costs.   
