Isilon File Intelligence
Enterprise Content Division Challenge: Kazeon File Intelligence can provide value to products/solutions outside of our ECD offerings.  There has always been synergy opportunities with many Core products.

Global Product Operations Challenge: There would be a need to streamline the sales, service and support to ensure success.  We need to grease the skids if you will and make it much easier to position this product.

Global Solutions: Bringing two products together into a new solution enhances both. "1+1=3"
Without having a formal bundle, some of the sales opportunities in the past have stalled due to internal logistics of selling an ECD product with a Core product. After the Kazeon Specialist Team was disbanded a couple years ago, I moved over to the Channel Partner team providing support for additional products/solutions.  I still get pulled into Core Isilon deals where there is a need for Kazeon reporting capabilities.  And more recently, there seems to be an uptick of opportunities.  However, we seem to still be running into some internal hurdles with the way that Kazeon is currently sold, serviced, and supported. 
ECD's Kazeon File Intelligence (FI) provides greater insight into the business value and risk of file-based content by enabling our customers to identify, assess, classify and manage valuable content dispersed throughout the enterprise. The solution enables our customers to reduce costs and manage the risk associated with the retention, disposition and remediation of electronic records and files.  By gaining visibility into the business value and risk of content, appropriate action can be taken and effective policies developed to meet governance requirements.
Minimally a single Kazeon File Intelligence Enterprise appliance could be bundled with each Isilon sale - perhaps labeled as Isilon File Intelligence. To be successful, we would likely need to improve the connectivity of the two products to make it even more Isilon-aware.  Currently we connect to Isilon through either CIFS or NFS file shares.  Having a specific connector could enhance it's capabilities.  

To make it easier to sell, we would need to streamline the sales, services, and support.  Currently our Kazeon partners are providing all services and support of the product.  This has created some challenges in the Core deals especially when there are Core partners involved.  Other partners and customers often times do not want to contract with a third party.  I believe that we must sell, service, and support this as an EMC solution even if we initially outsource the services and support to our partners.
