Docker live migration support for Mesos/Kubernetes
The idea presented here, focused on container live migration, is an open source project that plays in the 3rd platform and DevOps ecosystem.  
Containers live migration has surfaced as an emerging challenge in DockerCon2015. The current challenge is to add efficient and rapid migration abilities, which I address in my other idea (#2015002125). After solving the migration ability (either by EMC or by others), the natural step will be to integrate this new technology in tools for management and deployment of distributed applications. I got inspired by the way DRS uses vMotion for VM placement optimization, and realized that similarly adding DRS to Kubernetes/Mesos would let them use live migration for container placement optimization. 
I propose to add live migration support to the most popular combination of tools in the market, Mesos and Kubernetes. Moses is the most widely adopted cluster manager that provides efficient resource isolation and sharing. Kubernetes provides a framework (scheduler and executer) and can be combined with Mesos as a full stack solution for managing and deploying distributed applications. 

My solution is based on implementing functionalities to the three layers of the stack (Kubernetes scheduler, Mesos, and the Kubernetes execturer). First, we will add a Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS) functionality to Kubernetes scheduler (not only on the first placement but continues placement - Like VMware DRS). Next, we will implement a migration support function in Mesos. And finally, we will add CRIU functionality (Like VMware vMotion) to the Kubernetes executor. A scheduler that is can seamlessly migrate applications will be able to combine resources for better allocation. Together, these additions will add to the Kubernetes/Mesos combination the ability to use live migration to take resource allocation optimization to the next level.

Our aim is to implement full solution in existing popular tools. The use of existing technologies would permit rapid progress. Market adoption of the solution will position EMC as a leader in the 3rd platform software and DevOps ecosystem. Anticipating a need that goes well beyond the current focus, and starting to address it immediately, will put EMC well ahead of other players in the market.

