Beyond NPS - Incorporating Sentiment and Strength of Social Network
E2E/TCE: Extract and combine all customer interactions with EMC in order to create a new TCE metric of customer experience to be used by services, marketing and sales.
Genesis of idea coalesced after attending online presentation about customer experience sponsored by Teradata.  Currently requesting the development of an EMC sentiment index and completing a text analytical project to look at topical clustering.  Final component is understanding EMC's topological Business to Business network.  Team member includes Raphael Cohen from the Data Science as a Service team.
Our proposal is a set of customer centered metrics that captures the true voice of the customer:  customer response, magnitude of sentiment, interaction experience across all channels and depth/breadth of network.  
First, we develop a customer scoring algorithm that measures the complete experience based on statistical machine learning and integration of all the relevant data sources together.  The scoring algorithm is a set of detailed characteristics (major vertical, company size, region, etc.) and experiences (Service Requests, Escalated Events, Outage Events, Sales Wins/Losses, etc.).    Second, customer temperament is measured by utilizing existing text analytic and sentiment analysis.  This information is derived from existing survey responses and service requests (VIC, Chat, Web, etc.).  Salesforce related information could also be incorporated.  Finally, we develop a customer topology and measure the strength of influence.  Topology will be constructed from an appropriate social media outlet(s) and/or available market intelligence data.  

Business value comes from integrated customer level intelligence that can be used to improve sales opportunities, identify customer trends and prioritize service level resources.  For example, a sales team has a prospect that has a strong network relationship with an existing high scoring, positive sentiment customer.  The existing customer is a great referral candidate.   Likewise, if the customer recently had an outage (lowering the score and sentiment); then a different customer would be selected.  Another example is service prioritization.  An executive, with limited time, is traveling to visit overseas customers.  The executive can priories customers based on overall score, sentiment and strength of network.  This ensures the executive is properly allocated to the most critical accounts.  Properly measuring the true customer experience results higher levels of customer loyalty and improved business revenue opportunities.
Having an integrated resource would also lend itself to further analytics for other purposes and using different data verticals, for example: integrate the collections information on the customer when prioritizing (are they paying on time?) or even into the integrated customer score as an input (do they owe us money now? a bad time to approach them with a new sale).

