Proximity-based step-up authentication
o	Broadly applicable
o	Increases security
o	original and feasible
o	Cross platform global solution
o	can be combined into EMC Solutions (as a replacement for an RSA SecurID Token)
o	allows Potential Financial Gain
o	has a significant customer impact


team meeting
o	Many luxury cars allow both keyless entry and keyless ignition. The user carries
        a fob on their person, and when walking from elsewhere to within a few feet of 
        the car, the doors unlock automatically. Similarly, with the fob in their pocket, 
        the car can be started with the push of an ignition button and without the need 
        for a key.
o	A smartwatch, smartphone or other portable device can be configured to be paired 
        with another device, and serve as a fob to perform 2nd factor authentication.
o	For example, a smartwatch can be paired with a smartphone. So long as the watch
        is within 3 feet of the phone (like when the watch is worn), the phone can remain 
        entirely unlocked.
?	The phone can furthermore be configured so that as soon as the devices are not 
        within proximity of each other, take a picture using its camera and send it to 
        preconfigured e-mail addresses, sound an alarm, etc as an anti-theft measure in 
        circumstances when in areas where theft is prevalent and the devices are expected 
        to be in close proximity to each other (e.g. in an airport).
o	As another example, a smartwatch or phone can be paired with a tablet, laptop or 
        desktop computer. The user can automatically perform 2nd factor authentication 
        when in proximity.
o	Both devices interact via RFID

Instead of having to enter a code for 2nd factor authentication, your 2 registered devices only have to be in close proximity to each other
Would not require that OS, apps, websites, etc change their login method. It instead would target companies with a low tolerance of fraud (e.g. banks), that likely already allow step-up authentication as a plugin.

