A method to utilize additional space provided on runtime to the system by the file system to mitigate issues and limitations caused by space full conditions on Data Domain System.
The current solution addresses the challenges faced by Customer and Customer support teams, for an immediate solution, when customer reaches above 90 or 95% threshold of Active tier space and operations like GC and File Migrations are impacted by unavailability of space which results in active escalations and sending Loaner/Free Shelf post which the customer can progress with the operations. The solution attempts to lower the severity of the impact to the Customer thereby enhancing and improve the over-all customer experience. The motivation to improve Customer Experience stems from some of the issues observed in AJP COE CTD Supportability. 
The support teams involved, have seen this issues in field and this is the motivation of our proposed method to over-come the current limitation and lower the escalations.
The above problem can be solved by providing an immediate space from external Storage system - can be another DD System, any other Filesystem or Storage array. The method we are proposing is detailed with DDR, but can be expanded to other 

Data Domain System's active tier has reached near or greater than 95% space full condition. At this point, he can refere admin guide or can reach customer support team who can then configure Volume using either a NFS share or FC Connectivity on an alternate array and from there, we can allow that space to be mounted on the impacted DDR. This configured mount point/ lun is mounted in a such a way that it will not be seen in user-space(on existing file system). As such the system will recognize it has additional space available internally for completing pending tasks, this will be a reserved space for File Migration and GC. This additional space will not be available for active ingest (like /ddtmp which is not part of /ddvar). This space will be only used by DDFS internally for completing GC, freeing up additional space and completing File migrations as necessary. Once the tasks and operations are completed, the mounts can be broken if required. 
1) The customer would benefit and be satisfied that even with our current system limitations we were able to over-come the situation and solve the problem, almost immediately.
2) The customer data will be backed-up properly and has saved him time & money both immediately.
3) We would be able have better price negotiations with customer for additional storage capacity.
4) No impact on live data ingest. 
5) A-bit of performance impact, but almost zero down-time impact.
