Content based storage allocation and maintenance for EMC Syncplicity 
Sync and share tools like EMC Syncplicity  which offer  support for versatile data set  ( Support for various file formats – productivity , multimedia , office etc) , with varied deployment models like on-prem, hybrid and cloud should utilize storage which is as versatile . EMC ECS seems to be a suitable solution for the need. This addresses the challenge’s attempt to leverage EMC technology for ECD products.
EMC ECS provides an option to interop File and Object storage and use commodity hardware . This can potentially help to solve Syncplicity's problems of namespace unification and help customer utilize his hardware better . 
EMC’s ECS provides an ideal solution which has multiple heads providing  Object , HDFS and NFS ( to be implemented soon ) interfaces for storage . 
We have EMC Syncplicity which has client presence on hosts like computers, mobile devices etc . It can be used to flag which head of ECS can be used based on the type of the data .
Eg : Images like JPEGs ,PNGs etc can be stored in Object store which can be built on top of commodity hardware pre-existent  in the data center 
Office files like Word files, PPTs etc can be stored using NFS interface of ECS which can be created on top of the existing NAS servers 

Files provide maximum performance for cases in which data is frequently modified and simultaneously modified  . Object store is best suited for data multimedia, images ,data with lot of context and is generally read-only . 

The administrator can dynamically provision the type of storage he needs based on the usage and maximize utilization of his existing infrastructure . 

In hybrid deployments where the data which is frequently modified and not public is stored in premise can  utilize spare capacity of the NAS filers present in data center via ECS. 

The unique ability of ECS to convert between Object to File and vice versa can be readily used . 

While the solution is suggested with EMC Syncplicity as the Sync and Share tool other products utilize ECS in a similar fashion .

Syncplicity as the front end on mobiles and computers . Syncplicity backend engine running as an application on top of EMC ECS SDS . This can help customer use tools which are more tuned  to the type of data as well eg : backup applications, dedupe applications etc 
