Large Scale Edge Data Collecting and Processing Solution via Docker and Raspberry Pi
The solution focus on the data storage, data protection and analytic challenges in smart city. The sub-center model and Raspberry Pi will decrease the data transported to the center. ScaleIO will provides good scalability and data protection. Docker will facilitate the data analytic process. And the Pivotal Cloud Foundry and PCF Mobile Services will make it's easy for use by mobile applications.
We did some research and PoC on Docker, Raspberry Pi, Cloudfoundry and ScaleIO, and we did a project named "Mobile Backend as a Service", which is similar to Pivotal Cloud Foundry Mobile Services. We talked with Irene Yu from GSO team about the requirements and detail information of smart city. And we think these technologies can be utilized in smart city to enhance it. So we proposed this idea and solution. 
We propose the solution "Large scale edge data collecting and processing solution via Docker and Raspberry Pi". The solution will focus on following aspects:
1. The whole picture of smart city data collection is separated into many edge pieces. In each edge location, one Raspberry pi and many sensors are deployed, and they are geographical approach. The sensors collect data and transport it to the Raspberry Pi. The Pi does some basic pre-processing and format transformation on the data and then transport it to the center data store.
2. Powerful ScaleIO is a converged product and with good scalability, and will be used in the center data store. The data from all Raspberry Pi is transported to the ScaleIO cluster. And the cluster can be scaled out on-demand.The data protection ability of ScaleIO also can be leverage to protect the data.
3. The data analytic algorithm is deployed into Docker containers, packaged into Docker images and committed to Docker registry. In data analytic process, Each node in ScaleIO cluster pulls the necessary Docker images from Docker registry and run data analytic Docker container on itself. Since the ScaleIO is distributed architecture, the data analytic process is parallel. 
4. Pivotal Cloud Foundry is deployed on the ScaleIO cluster, and Pivotal Cloud Foundry Mobile Services are deployed on it. These mobile services are enterprise-grade, mobile-first, data-driven applications. They  consume the underlying data and provide it to the mobile applications, to facilitate the use of data.
The sub-center model and Raspberry Pi will decrease the data transported to the center. ScaleIO is a suitable data storage and will provides good scalability and data protection. Docker will facilitate the data analytic process. And the Pivotal Cloud Foundry and PCF Mobile Services will make it's easy for use by mobile applications.
