Elastic on-demand Automated Resource request and commissioning system Utilizing EMC Hybrid cloud
The idea addresses the central criteria of automating the request and service of resources used. It efficiently helps in sharing the resources and ensures effective utilization of all allocated resources. The idea helps to consolidate resources centrally and assign/de-assign based on need. All the automation of tests will be able to request resource based on there need and use them. 
Idea was initiated in the ideation forum in the team. The team has been facing problems in executing automated test suties and always a certain system is only used for executing and this request is queued up waiting for a particular system to be free. There is an absence of central pool and an automated reservation system which can provide resources based on need. Also there is no way for the Script to request for any type of resource. This inhibits push button testing. For Automation there is no need for any team to own the resources, request can se served by the engine with central pool of resources.
The solution is to create a language or template XML, or template Configs to request for a resource and an engine to honour the request and implement the queuing and reservation system. Instead of requesting a symm by its Serial number, the script should request for a resource with x number of properties. The properties could include specific set of devices, specific build on the box, specific hardware required, no of hosts zoned to the system, software on the host required, version of software installed etc... The central engine should be able to detect such a device (either by scanning an existing updated database) or querying free resources in the pool, and allocate it to the automation script or framework. It could even load the required build or software and provide the entire configuration. Then it should reserve these systems for use by automation and hold rig if the script fails, or release it back to the pool once script completes.
Effective sharing of systems and better resource utilization. Completely automated labs and automatic testing environements. The system would be successful when scripts themselves automatically request resources required by them, execute the tests and return back the resources to central pool for further sharing. This would also immensly help in using scripts and tests by not just the author or authoring team, but across the company by anyone interested in executing scripts. These could be deployed in customer environements before the systems are accepted into production so that the sytems are tested in customer environemnts with minial intervention.

Financial :
1) Consolidation of resources into central pool ensures no underutilization of resource
2) Based on the test same resource could be shared across
3) Different virtual instances for the same physical resource, example different user login to same VM
4) Less maintenance and minimal turn around time for lab requests
