LUN Based I/O Prioritization for EMC Storage Arrays
The idea leverages ViPR & EMC Storage Arrays for creating a better offering in converged and hyper converged infrastructure, by supplying the user with the ability to prioritize the workloads to their arrays based on LUN (application) priorities determined by the user. Since each LUN is normally associated with a single application, this idea can provide an application based prioritization of the workloads. 
I work in the VPLEX performance team and think about possible performance improvement regularly. I was discussing innovation ideas with my team.
This idea provides the sysadmin managing EMC storage arrays with a ViPR interface to prioritize LUN access across arrays. since commonly each LUN is only provisioned for and used by a single application, this will provide an application IOPS prioritization mechanism. A UI will be added to ViPR to allow the user to choose between a limited number of priorities (e.g. 1-5) for each LU that it manages, with a default setting assigned if none was chosen. Each EMC array (VPLEX/VNX/VMAX/XIO) will implement a prioritization mechanism that complies with the ViPR API, and assign priorities according to the propagated user configuration. The technical implementation of the prioritization mechanism in each array type varies depending on current architecture, for example in VPLEX more resources can be allocated to the priority IOps handling such as:
- Cache allocation can be increased for LUNs with higher priority
- I/O Queues can be used for strict priorities.
A ViPR UI that allows a the user to specify a priority (e.g. 1-5) for each LUN managed, while the user is aware which application is using each LUN. The configuration is then propagated to all EMC arrays connected to ViPR and each array prioritizes the IOPs to that LUN according to the configuration. As a result higher priority applications are handled more than lower priority applications and the user experience is improved.
