Customer-Oriented View in EHC
EMC's goal to offer better customer experience with EHC and gain an edge over competing cloud-vendors
The user experience given by e-commerce websites..:)
The idea is to give EMC Hybrid Cloud(EHC) users a personalized experience based on data we could collect from their different operations in EHC,
allowing them to save their tasks as preferences.This idea is prevalent in most of E-Commerce sites. Inculcation of this idea into EHC would enable us to offer our customers a better user experience.Thus, EMC could gain an edge over competing cloud-vendors

In EHC, we provide option to provision storage,to install software and check the operational status using various parameters.
We have many users who use our cloud interface across different environments.
We could harness information by monitoring the most common operations that are being performed by a user account and also from the Preferences/Save-List they have created.
Based on the data obtained ,we should be able to analyse the users' operations and give them 'Quick-Links'.

For instance, a customer wants to bring up a SAP landscape for a company domain.This entire task could be divided as:
1)Follow basic SAP guide steps to bring up the SAP landscape
2)Apply the specific storage customization,security policies,complying software etc, as per company guidelines.

With our solution ,we intend to make the process hassle-free in each step mentioned above, for the customer who uses EHC.

1)EHC should have collected storage configurations,Best practices followed for popular products/systems.This could be built as part of Data Lake of EHC users
In the instance mentioned above,the specification for storage,host nodes required for a SAP System will be collected into the Data Lake.
Now ,EHC could give user options about systems with the information collected.
and give them "Datasheet" of the information we have.If satisfactory,he could bring up the environment in single click

2)Most corporate users would ideally have their own set of customization for any setup,preferred software to be installed.
Monitoring the user operations and storing the information could help us be eventually intelligent to make user-specific suggestions.

1)Enables EHC users to have more personalized experience
2)Makes the process hassle-free even for novice users 
