Data load forecasting using big data and machine learning.
This idea involves analysis of large volumes of data and creation and deployment of prediction models using machine learning algorithms. Therefore, this idea is well aligned with the Global Solution Engineering Sponsor’s Challenge "Big Data and Analytics". 
I have been talking to certain cross-functional teams over last few months and inferred that there is no process or stable system that predicts data load forecast with good levels of accuracy neither internally nor for external customer.
The proposed solution combines best parts of two approaches - Big Data and Machine Learning. On the Big Data front, the solution employs massive processing of time series data using technologies such as Apache Hadoop. The captured data includes number of transactions made, size of data per transaction and need data transformations such as trimming and filtering. Since there are billions of records that translates to Petabytes of data, requirement for a big data solution gains a lot of importance. Once the data is made ready, it is split into two parts, one for training and other for testing the prediction model. The training data comprising of number of transactions made per month and size of each transaction specified in kilobytes are fed into machine learning algorithms. The machine learning algorithm based on Regression techniques will be able to predict values such as storage capacity for upcoming months based on learning acquired during training. The prediction accuracy is further improved by testing the model and providing a feedback loop. Once the model is stabilized for optimal prediction values, it will be published as a REST API for consumers as to predict storage capacity.
When this idea is fully implemented it provides many benefits such as: 
Improve customer satisfaction by helping them forecast the load of data and therefore makes budgeting much more effective.
Helps optimize capacity planning process.
It becomes a differentiator for high end products, when given as a add-on that provides value and hence becomes a competitive advantage.

