Cloud Health Metrics
Cloud computing delivers services for consumers and business needs in a simplified way, providing unbounded scale and differentiated quality of service to foster rapid innovation and decision making. It is a service model for IT resources and which can help improve business performance and control the costs of delivering IT resources to the organization or service provider.
In a world where almost anyone and anything can connect to the Internet, the exponential increase in the volume of information and connected devices creates a dilemma: The dynamic operational complexity of a cloud infrastructure installation can be immense, and the scale of total system health data can be substantial in scale, particularly in SAAS multi-tenancy where tens of terabytes of health data can be generated per day in PMI, Logs, System Events, Network layers etc.

This proposal addresses the following challenges: 
1.	Israel CoE challenge is seeking big data and data science solution which enhance EMC products, as described below. 
2.	Similarly, the Global Solution organization seeks a cross-product solution, which helps EMC customers simplify the hybrid cloud, by effectively addressing challenges of scalability, agility and choice. The ability to clearly view analytic information about the network clearly positions the CIO to make the right business choices. 
GPO organization seeks ways to meet cross-platform challenges of complexity, by adding an analytic layer that will make both the EMC supply chain more effective, and contribute to sustainability by obliterating redundant hardware investment that is often the result of faulty decision-making. 

Israel developed capabilities include (1) data science both from IT systems (ITaaS group) and data science group of RSA, (2) log data and meta data collection via RP (3) Cloud orientation in the local solution group. In March 2015, the Israeli COE conducted a cloud workshop and it seems like the metric and cloud continuity space is very relevant to offer an innovation to customers. 
Leverage existing EMC products, such as Netwitness, Archer , SMARTs and Watch4Net (more will have to be investigated), ViPR for management to develop converged solutions that will provide a higher and more intelligent level of automated monitoring and management of cloud infrastructure and applications, improving operational efficiencies and better forecasting of real versus perceived problem trends. Additional  Data Science development could apply these results to allow for richer analytics and real-time decision-making tools. The project will conduct and exploit leading research in the areas of data gathering, context modeling, machine learning, data analytics and autonomic policy management. The ultimate objective is therefore to deliver improved stakeholder and end-user experience, and to lower organizational costs through improved efficiencies.
For EMC, the success would be delivery of a holistic cross-platform solution, neatly addressing customer needs. For customers, the ability to make rapid decisions, based on real-time analysis of the system health empowers them to create and manage complex networks much more easily. Moreover, the customer is positioned to make wiser investments in hardware and software, tied to the actual system needs. There are many tools that are already developed in EMC. The ideal would be to have a solution that is integrated from existed capabilities within EMC + more innovation development. We can envision: Netwitness, Archer , SMARTs and Watch4Net (more will have to be investigated), ViPR for management etc. and new development of Data Science. 
