STEM education Community Involvement app
STEM web application will have 3 types of user School,Employee & Admin. Schools can register, login & post the requirement for STEM topics/Skills.

Employee can view the request and accept the request from the school according to free calendar.

Admin have functionality to manage application in appropriate manner.
The portal is inline with the 2015 innovation UTAH COE Challenge. As we already have experience in building similar website for education/learning services we can bring in all the experiences we have gained over the period. We had an initial brainstorming and came out with an idea to have a simple and user-friendly interface which could leverage on existing resources. Which can be used by any user through his computer or mobile (Android/Iphone). The solution will be modular in nature and hence scalable. This can undergo further changes to include additional modules. 
As we will be leveraging on PHP, mySQL, Javascript, HTML & CSS, this can be easily integrated with http://stem.utah.gov/emc/.
EMC STEM web App has functionality to send SMS/Email notification on New requirement posting by school / On accepting requirement by Employee.
Dashboard has the capabilities to provide reports according to the requirement.
STEM app is scalable for the further Modification and Enhancement.
STEM app is secure because we provide SMS/Email notification for the login authorization, any changes on School/Employee dashboard, and school and employee monitored by admin so each and every activity on portal goes through the approval process.
STEM app can maintain repository for the uploaded tutorial for reuse/future use.
STEM app admin has feature to add STEM skills and sub skills.
EMC STEM web App will provide Video and text chat for online mentor ship. the same can be even used for collaboration between the educator and the mentor.
The platform can even have a forum integrated which can be used for exchanging ideas.
The same can even be used for organizing guest chats, quizzes and events.
The app is scalable for Mobile users (Android & Iphone)
The site would have all the functionalities of http://www.topperlearning.com/
The ease of use will take the school`s experience to a higher level.
This can further be scaled up to EMC level from UTAH.
This can act as a single point of contact between the EMC gives back volunteers and the schools.
The experience will enhance publicity and help social activities.
