Cloud storage - The Big Hard Disk Drive
Enterprise cloud is catching up, lot of startup coming up with solutions, at the same time some of them are closing down as it is not viable to provide low-cost high performing cloud. With certain cloud providers shutting shop, enterprises are moving to a safe mechanism of Hybrid-cloud, where the data is available on-prem and in cloud for DR. Is the DR copy in the cloud safe? What if the cloud vendor shuts shop (Nirvanix, Nebula), even if we recover the data, where will the customer store the enormous cloud data, which was once cheap and suddenly additional capex is required to recover and store is on-prem until another cloud vendor is found.
The idea initiated when a study on why enterprise customers do not adopt cloud in a faster pace. Security of data (access and availability) and the latency to recover are major ones. If we can make the cloud more reliable in terms of availability and integrity (against failing vendors), then it will help customer adopt cloud with trust.
Bringing in erasure coding to cloud storage, here we consider cloud as "The Big hard disk Drive" and generate solutions to use multiple cloud vendors/providers to store the data, so that if one of the cloud provider is down, the data is still available to the customer. In Hybrid cloud solution, the on-prem storage is also part of the Cloud RAID (CRAID), so that rebuild of data is faster.

The cost involved during a cloud vendor failing is higher due to more IO on other cloud providers, but that is the price for data integrity and high availability. 

Even though it is easier to perform replication of data across vendors, this is going to increase the cost during ingest itself, causing higher OPEX. But if in the solution, we distribute the data across multiple vendors with parity (or double parity), so that the cost to ingest is same on an average compared to the single vendor, while during DR, if a rebuild is required - based on criticality and the status of the failing cloud vendor, the customer is covered with an additional cost. But with cloud becoming a commodity, the costs are sure to come down and the cloud will be considered as yet another Big Hard Disk Drive.
Idea is to enable the customers use EMC technology and avail any cloud vendor (based on cost and comfort), which in turn generates more revenue for EMC with its ECS (if it has built-in erasure coding).
